Have you ever thought there was
something the creators of Chuck-E-Cheese
were hiding from us all? Now, have you
ever found something to be off about the
place? even the creepy robotic mascots
that danced on stage.
I didn't until I found out the truth
about Chuck-E-Cheese.
It all began on the first time I had
ever visited the place. I was around the
age of five or six, so I of course was
pretty ecstatic to go. Seeing all those
commercials of kids eating pizza and
running around without a care in the
world, the arcade games and
on the play structure
made me almost get down on my hands and
knees to plead and beg my mom to take
me. After finally getting her to break,
she took me. I was the happiest kid in
the world. My mom drove me over just a
few hours before evening, so maybe
around 4:30 or so.
I almost knocked over the woman at the
door who gave you the little stamp on
your hand and running ahead of my mom
and bursting through those doors like a
maniac child. Eventually, I was stamped
and literally screeching as I ran around
to all the games and playsets.
After a bit, I stumbled on over to a
game with whack-a-ole with sharks,
right by that staff only.
One shark whacking minute later, I'd won
the game. And before I could squeal in
success and collect my tickets, my ears
caught the sound of something very
strange going on near the staff only
room.
I could hear someone say test number 15
on mutated rat results in angered
behavior such as throwing desk and
scientist at the wall.
I then began to wonder what in the world
they could be talking about. Maybe they
were making a new game. Being so young,
I had no idea at all what was actually
going on in there.
So, being curious and feeling a bit
interested, I pressed myself against the
door and listened in as carefully as a
six-year-old could. I could hear them
snapping at each other. Things like,
"What are we going to do with the beast
and get it away from me?"
A mumbled shout poured over whoever was
in there and replied with a louder, "We
can't just kill that thing." The talking
stopped.
I blinked for a second and pressed
myself closer on the door.
I realized that this was a very bad
mistake as the door opened from my
weight against it. I slipped in, going
from leaning on the door to falling face
flat on the ground of the staff room.
Immediately, footsteps trampled over to
me, hands grabbed at my arms. I was up
like a light a few seconds.
And still, I don't know what the hell
they did to do that.
I woke up slowly, my eyes feeling heavy
and my body feeling weak. In some kind
of interrogation room, a tall man with a
serious expression, wearing the cleanest
white lab coat I'd ever seen, began
walking towards me out of the blue. He
knew I'd be awake. Like he knew I was
awake.
His voice was deep
and it was scratching from what I could
tell.
You begin to speak.
You know,
you know, don't you?
You know, he said
I was a six-year-old half knocked out at
a Chuck-E-Cheese, so I didn't know what
they expected from me. I babbled for a
second, letting my tongue function
correctly.
"What?" I replied dumbly, blinking
lazily.
He grabbed my arm, making the static
feeling intensify somehow. He pulled me
a bit, making me whine. Though I quickly
shut my toddler trap when a loud banging
on the door echoed throughout the room.
Naturally, me being so young and
clueless, I screamed, thrashing around.
The man let go of me and snapped at me
to shut my mouth.
Forgetting about almost everything, I
thrashed around some more. Slipping out
of my chair, I kicked my legs, going
into the corner of the room. I screamed
again, banging my foot against
something, making a loud metal clang
against my foot. I twisted around and
whined down at an air vent. I kicked it
again out of scared hot anger. With
another loud scream and clang, the metal
front door popped off again, letting out
a shriek when I heard the man stomping
towards me. Out of the noise of clawing
metal and banging, I scooted inside,
spitting at him. I was scared half to
death. I mean, what was I doing here?
Where was my mom? He swiped at me for a
second, but quickly pulled his hand
back. There was another loud bang, and
the man stepped back. Using my tiny
little hands, I grabbed the air vents
door and pulled it back, pressing it on
just in time. A piercing hiss was
followed by a shout from the stranger,
and the loudest bang on the door. I
clawed back, scooting back into the
vent. I had to leave. Even being so
young, I knew that I was in trouble. I
hastily turned around with a bit of
struggle, slowly crawling down the vent.
A loud manly scream echoed through the
vent, being followed by more. They were
in unison with a sound of cracking
pain,
which I now know
from the stranger.
[Music]
I got out as fast as I could. A small
light was around the corner after a few
minutes, and I stomped on it. The vent
easily popped open. They really weren't
paying attention to how tightly they
were screwed on, were they?
My feet stumbled as I climbed out, but
were soon trampling to where I saw my
mom last. She was still there with a
worried expression on her face. I ran up
to her, hugged her tight, my eyes now
glazed with wet, hot tears. I wanted to
go home. I just wanted to go home. I
want to go home, I whined and
complained.
My mom gave me a strange look.
I put a finger on my cheek. "You must be
tired, sweetheart," she gooed, picking
me up.
I clenched my small fist, holding
tightly onto her shirt. We walked out of
the building, being oh so lovingly
carried to the car. A distant were of
sirens became louder and louder, and
police cars pulled into the large
parking lot and skidded to a halt in
front of the once amazing and fun Jackie
James.
My mother almost ran into the car and
quickly buckled me into the car seat.
A couple hours later, home and safe that
night, I walked out of my room to get
some water before I went to bed. A habit
of trying to procrastinate so I didn't
have to sleep. And my mother was
watching the news.
[Music]
The reporter talking about some
some kind of mutated rat coming out of
Chuck-E-Cheese and disappearing down the
alleyway.
So, what happened to the real
Chuck-E-Cheese?
God only knows.
But I will never, and I repeat, never
go into any damn Chuck-E-Cheese for as
long as I live.
And I know never to spy on the staff.
I was aware about the uproar over the
use and abuse of artificial intelligence
programs, but I hadn't given it much
thought until very recently.
In particular, a lot of people are
alarmed about deep fake technology and
it's had a lot of practical applications
in the film and gaming industry, but it
can also be used to create misleading
images, films, snippets of audio. The
potentially harmful media can create
anything from videos to inflammatory
political content. These cleverly made
fakes can spread on social media like
wildfire, damaging the reputations of
their targets and influencing public
opinion.
I have a very strong reason to believe
that there are even more sinister
applications in store for us. The
concept of reality is
in danger
and no one will be safe.
Until very recently, I didn't know much
about the darker side of deep fake
software. I mean, I was peripherilally
aware that it existed. It's getting used
for nefarious purposes. I'm not a
confused old lite either, but a lot of
that stuff kind of flies over my head.
Yeah, I I certainly never would have
imagined this technology would someday
affect me, an anonymous nobody on notion
full of regular people. Here we are.
It was actually a more techsavvy friend
of mine who found this video and she
discovered it while poking around on a
sketchy video dump website. She emailed
a copy of it with a brief message that
said, "You should definitely see this."
The video was just over a minute long.
appeared to depict some scene of violent
civil unrest in an urban setting. Seemed
to have been recorded at a downward
angle, you know, as as if the person
filming was standing on a second floor
balcony. The street was filled with a
surging mob of rioters. Several
buildings were on fire. The mob clashed
with a razor straight line of police and
riot gear who used their shields and
clubs to drive them back.
and the camera zoomed in on one lone
individual who rushed at the line with a
long knife in his hand, attempted to
stab one of the cops. He was knocked to
the ground by a hard push with a riot
shield. The cops promptly surrounded the
fallen attacker, and they they beat him
into a bloody mess. From the background,
someone lit up a Molotov cocktail, threw
it into the mist. The resulting spray of
burning fuel ignited both cops, the
attackers, everyone who was receiving
beating. Camera followed one of the
burning cops. He ran into the crowd who
promptly swarmed him down and beat him
with their protest signs. Now, at this
point, the screen abruptly went to
darkness and the word test 13 riot
appeared for a split second, bold font.
Then, the video just ended.
I watched the clip several times in a
row, trying to understand and absorb
whatever the hell I'm looking at. I
messaged my friend back. I asked,
"What's this? Where? And when did this
happen?" she replied was labeled a deep
fake. No context in the description.
Title was the same as the text at the
end of the video. Watch it again. Look
carefully at the person who sets the cop
on fire. Almost positive.
That's you.
I said, "What the hell?" I hit play
again and yep, I mean, she's right. I
was too distracted by the general mayhem
to notice on my first few viewings, but
the person throwing that molto, he
looked
looked exactly like me.
They had my build, my face. I mean, you
could even see my tattoo on the forearm.
Here's the problem. I've never
participated in a riot. I most certainly
never burned anyone with a bottle of
homemade napal.
I felt a deep unease stir in my gut as
you watched those 5 seconds. the same
footage over and over again trying to
make sense of why how this could have
happened. I messaged her. I said,
"That's
This is really weird.
Why would someone do this?"
Neither of us could think of an adequate
explanation. I filled out the contact
form on the website, explain the
situation. In the days that followed, I
waited for a response. I kept watching
the clip at half speed, picking it apart
second by second. And upon closer
scrutiny, I found a number of glitches
and and imperfections. For example, most
of the protest signs were either
completely blank or they were covered
with indecipherable squiggles. And I
also noticed many of the background
riders looked eerily similar to each
other. There were maybe five or six
variations of faces amongst the hundreds
of people on the street. Some of them
had impossibly long arms. There was even
the occasional floating head with no
discernable body beneath it. Even the
raging fires were a bit oddl looking if
you paid close enough attention. The
video seemed to be a work in progress as
suggested by the text at the end of the
video. Even so, it was it was still
pretty convincing at a casual glance.
The sheer pandemonium in the background
helped cover up the mistakes. If I had
seen this video while zoning out, you
know, some late night scrolling or
something, I probably wouldn't have
questioned if it was real.
I can only find three faces in total
that were noticeably unique or different
from the rest. They all belong to
rioters who were engaged in particularly
violent or destructive activities.
There was a molotov thrower, cop
stabber, the pistol group or young woman
who appeared to be firing a pistol at
police. These characters were all made
to stand out with subtle manipulation of
placement, shading, shadow. If the fake
footage ever found its way onto a
newscast, they would undoubtedly focus
on this nefarious trio in the editing
room. The video's creator had randomly
stolen real faces for these key players,
and one of them
was mine.
I wondered if I was maybe slipping into
paranoid conspiracy nut theories. So, I
passed my observation along to my
friend, asked for her input. She agreed
with everything I said and then she made
an interesting point of her own. The
video felt very much like a blank
template and the settings were a generic
city street lined with generic
buildings. It could have taken place in
almost any city in North America. The
empty protest signs could be filled with
any slogans which seemed appropriate for
any given narrative. The finished
product would be a very convincing and
very frightening look at civil unrest in
action.
She also pointed out that compared to
the feral aggression of the mob, it
seemed like the orderly and disciplined
riot cops were meant to be the
protagonist of the story.
The video spun a powerful narrative of
law and order versus agitator mayhem.
There I was front and center all of this
madness. And the more I thought about
it, the more I was convinced that my
likeness had been stolen for, I don't
know, a future propaganda piece. I asked
her why someone would upload this thing
before it was ready. My friend answered
with a shrug emoji. She just said,
"Found it mixed with a bunch of other
deep fake videos. Might have been
uploaded by accident." Even smart people
make mistakes.
At that point, several days passed
without a response from whoever was
running the website. I decided to
contact them again and discovered the
URL was broken. Tried to find them on
Google, but it seemed the entire site,
all of its content, they just been
scrubbed from the internet. I tried to
convince myself of the timing that it
was just a coincidence. But
I wasn't so sure about that.
The next morning, I crawled out of bed
and I discovered that
the burglar had picked the lock and
crept into my apartment in the dead of
the night. Only two things were missing.
My laptop and my phone. Having stranger
quietly ransack my apartment while I was
sleeping was bad enough, but my phone
had been sitting on the nightstand
beside my bed, and that was much worse.
The intruder was actually inside my
bedroom while I was snoozing comfortably
in bed. They had been standing right
beside me in the dark.
I had no idea was happening.
I reported the break-in to the police,
but the cop who came to make the report
was suspicious of my clothes. He
repeatedly asked if anything else had
been stolen, pointed out that my wallet
had been sitting on the side table on
that same desk as the missing laptop,
completely untouched. I acknowledged
that it seemed far-fetched, but I stuck
to my guns. After he left, I drove over
to my friend's house and made another
disturbing discovery.
She had also been robbed of all of her
electronics.
Nothing else had been stolen. She'd
slept right through the entire incident
without hearing a single peep. I asked
if she'd contacted the police yet. She
gave me a funny look. Slowly, she said,
"I don't think that's a good idea.
They wouldn't be able to help anyway.
I think we should just drop it and leave
it alone. Get a new phone.
forget about it.
While she was talking, she grabbed a pen
and an envelope from a stack of mail on
her counter. She tapped the back of the
envelope to get my attention.
She wrote,
"They could be missing."
I read those four words and felt my
entire body clenched with an inside.
I suddenly felt very exposed and
horribly vulnerable. I I nodded silently
and watched as she pushed the envelope
into the paper shredder. I mean, I was
conscious of how easy it would be for a
powerful ant to make them disappear. You
know, they could break into my
apartment, take a phone, my bedside
table, would stop them from taking me.
If they'd already stolen my face, why
not take the rest while they're at it?
After this bizarre string of events, I I
no longer feel safe at home on deleting
all my social medias. I mean, but the
damage was done.
I had already given out my likeness, my
data literally hundreds of occasions.
Like likewise, I I decided that moving
to a new apartment wouldn't solve
anything. They could find me, watch me
wherever I tried to go. Let's be honest
here. No one's safe from the powers that
be. Not anywhere. You might feel like
you're anonymous within the masses, but
the school of fish defense doesn't work
anymore. It's just a a flimsy illusion
in the age of technology. You're
photographed. videotaped numerous times
every day. Every time you venture out of
your home, dozens of cameras observing
your every movement throughout the day.
I mean, even inside your own home, it's
possible for another party to watch you
through the camera in your laptop.
But never mind cameras. They're the
least of your worries as far as
surveillance is concerned. Your cell
phone is the worst offender. I mean, if
it's on, it's always listening. It's
relentlessly tracks your journey through
life from the cozy security of your own
pocket. Even if you ditched the cell
phone and you fled to a remote area to
live as a hermit, you still wouldn't. I
mean, if they wanted to find you, there
are a number of spy satellites, drones,
things like that that could do the job
with dizzying efficiency.
It only be a matter of time.
If test 13 riot was ever broadcasted to
the public,
I'd be split into two different people.
One would be innocent. The other be a
murderer. The only people who would
question it would be those who knew me
in person.
Everyone else would think I was a
wildeyed maniac. And I mean, why
wouldn't they? Hell, they saw me commit
a crime on video.
If the quality was convincing enough,
even those who knew me would probably
find themselves doubting my innocence.
How could they deny something they could
clearly hear?
I don't sleep very well this day.
I see in the I'm always on edge. I had
to trust everyone I see in the news.
The powers that be have a one-two combo.
It can't be counted. Some people will
readily accept their propaganda as
truth. Others will fractulate it.
Nihilistic pockets of deniialists view
all information as lies. And when people
can no longer believe what they see,
they won't believe in anything at all.
One group is easily controlled, the
other is hopeless and fractured. And
either way, those who seek to
manufacture the future will soon all.
We're entering the post reality era of
technological society.
If you can still trust your own eyes
and they'll see
future
[Music]
Hey.
Huh?
Wow, Chris, is the birthday party so
boring that even the birthday boy falls
asleep? Leave me alone, Nyris. I'm
trying to stay awake, but it's not easy.
It's just been hard to sleep. Big
brother trouble again. Worse. Have you
ever seen like the Nightmare Freddy?
Nightmare?
I mean, I've had a bad dream or two
about them. They're creepy. Chris, look
at them on stage. Just shaking, creaking
around like that, and then they come off
and walk around.
No, not Fredbear. Freddy the brown bear
in Foxy and Bonnie and Chica. Like from
the cartoon show like Fredbear and
Friends. Yeah, I've
seen them every night. They creep around
my house. Iris Fredbear is keeping me
safe. Keeps you safe.
The stuffed animal. Yeah, they're all my
friends.
You know, you are so weird.
How's sales going for tokens today? Um,
pretty good, sir. Pretty good. It's
Fred, man.
Everyone here just calls me Fred, right?
Sorry. It's fine. You've only been here
what, few months? We haven't really
talked much, but uh I'm happy to have
you on board. I'm happy to be here,
Fred. Really, I I haven't been around
town long, and this is a nice place to
work. My stupid brother's wasting a
perfectly good Saturday with this crap.
Hey. Hey, don't mess with that. Those
are expensive and dangerous. They're in
automated mode right now. Can you please
go back to your tables and enjoy the
show from there? Whatever, man. This
place sucks, dude.
Shit's But hey, uh you handled that
well. Keep it up, Peter. And we'll see
about you becoming um one of the
managers here soon. Of course. Thank
you, sir. Uh, I mean, thank you, Fred.
It's no problem, Peter. You do good by
me, I'll do good by you, man.
Did you see that [__] Yeah, man. What a
loser. Those geysers are working here
still. This place blows. About the
coolest thing are the masks at the
ticket counter. Robert and I swapped a
few of them, too. You want a body or a
Foxy T? Foxy, obviously. I tore the head
off the one that Chris has. A Did he
cry?
Yeah. Did he cry? That little piss baby
always cries, man. It's annoying as
hell. Tried to scare the [__] out of
him, and he's still coming here for his
birthday. I was hoping to save us from
this embarrassment.
Well, you know, we could give him a real
reason to be scared. Ow. He keeps that
stupid bear with him at all times. It's
like his cry teddy. A cry teddy. He
never grows up. See, we just make him
grow up. You know when the gies aren't
working?
[__] yeah.
Think you'd want one of those plush
traps?
Yeah, maybe.
I don't have one of those yet. That's
the Bonnie. Yeah, they're like 1,200
tickets. We could pull together if you
want to.
That might be fun. Hey, loser. Happy
birthday. Terrence, stop. Yeah,
Terrence, stop. He's going to cry.
You freaked me out. Terrence, I'll tell
mom. If you want to keep that stupid
bear, you won't tell mom [__] You guys
are such bullies. Seriously, back off.
It's Chris's birthday. Can it, you
little [__] I can't believe you need a
girl to defend you, Chris. Wow. Your
brother's kind of a baby, isn't he? It's
hilarious. Why don't we help him get a
closer look? He'll love it. No, please.
Come on, guys. Let's give the little man
a lift. He wants to get up close and
personal. No, I don't want to go. You
heard the little man. He wants to get
even closer. Two kids, back up on the
stick. Hey, guys. I think the little man
said he wants to give Fredbear a big
kiss with that kid. On three, one, two.
Please, Darren. I'm scared.
Chris. Oh [__] Chris. Chris. [__] man.
[__] Stop [__] around, man. I Chris,
you can't be here. [__] man.
We I'm sorry. What did you do? We can't
I I didn't mean to. I'm sorry. I'm so
sorry.
Oh god. I'm I'm so [__] ruined.
Everything is [__] lost.
Everything's lost.
It's It's not. What are you stupid? A A
kid is
Don't just look it like that, Peter.
Call the police.
I can make this work. What? Stop it.
Call the police. Stop yelling so loud.
Everyone is in a panic, okay? No one is
really sure about what happened. I can
make this disappear. You won't have to
close, Fred.
I
How could you ever make this work?
I don't know yet, but trust me, we're in
this together.
Right.
You're broken,
but I can put you back together.
Uh hello, hello, hello. Uh hello and
welcome to your new summer job at the
new and improved Freddy Fazbear's Pizza.
Uh I'm here to talk you through some of
the things you can expect to see during
your first week here and to help you get
started down this new and exciting
career path. Uh now I want you to forget
anything you may have heard about the
old location. You know uh some people
still have a somewhat negative
impression of the company. Uh that old
restaurant was kind of left to rot for
quite a while. But I want to reassure
you Fazbear Entertainment is committed
to family fun and above all safety.
Hey everyone. Hello boys and girls. Hi
everybody.
Welcome to Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. I'm
Chica. Let's eat. I'm your best friend,
Bonnie Bunny. Here everyone knows me,
Freddy Fazbear.
Is everybody having a good time? Because
I sure know that I am. I could use some
more. More more. Poke me. More pizza.
There's plenty of delicious
people. Delicious pizza when you're at
Freddy's Pizza. Chica, you can't live
off pizza all the time. Freddy, you
can't can't live. When you're eating,
kids, remember to have plenty of kids.
Green, green, green. Plenty of green
vegetables, kids. And though all you
young bunnies need to have your carrots,
please run. Health is important if you
want to live live. Have a fun and happy
children. Fun and happy time.
Hey chick. Yeah. Bonnie. Bonnie. You
know what I do to have fun?
Is it the games? Nope. Is it the Don't
let them escape. Pirates Cove? Not even
close. Well, what is it? Bunny, I like
to sing.
Why didn't you say so? Let's rock out
the band.
One, two,
one, two, three, four.
[Music]
Hey all you pirate fans, head on down on
down to the pirate cove because the
show's about to start the
It's our good old hell Foxy.
Foxy, you'll never accept me. I know
he's around here somewhere. Always
alone. Maybe we need to call him out.
Foxy, not one of them. Help me out,
kids. Foxy, eat them. Last time, kids.
Nice and loud
so we can get him out here.
Foxy.
Y me mateies it's me Foxy and welcome
welcome welcome to the pirates call
Freddy best getting back to the stage or
I'll be forced to forced to make him
walk the plank
have fun kids and let's kill them keep
ourselves safe when exploring pirate
you best get back to the stage land
lover because these little ones are now
part of the pirate crew. When in the
pirate cove, remember to adventure safe,
kitties, and no running around the cove,
or else ye be lost forever. Walk in the
plank. I is it swashbuckling adventures
that you be seeking the lads, or is it
that it's a long or is it that you're
not akin to the seven seas? All pirates,
give me an ar an ar. Please help me
ar.
I be seeing you already walking about
about with your pizza in hand and yours.
Your sir sorty pops like proper CBD
pirates and like proper sea pirates do.
Mommy, we'll be having ourselves a sea
shanty. Weird. What happened to the legs
on him? Mom, that's nice, dear. Don't
climb on it. It has a hook for him. Look
at the hook. Mom, little girl, sweetie,
you can't get that close to Foxy. It's
not You really shouldn't be up there.
You're not my mom. You tell me what to
do.
Uh, ma'am, please ask your daughter to
get off the stage.
She's not hurting anyone. Let her play
with the fox if she wants to play with
the fox.
Mom, look at his funny mouth. He's so
stupid looking.
Oh god.
Oh my god.
[Music]
Um, hello. Hey, man. It's me. Ah, hey
boss. Hey Gordon. Look, I know it's your
last week and all and college is
important and everything, but you sure I
can't convince you to stay on? Sorry,
boss. Bim them's the rules. If I want to
keep my car, I have to raise my grades.
And this job takes up too much valuable
study time. Yeah. Yeah, I understand.
Corporate's been getting on my butt as
well since that incident with a kid. Oh,
yeah. I heard about that. Scary stuff.
You're telling me I was there. Saw the
thing bit out the front of her head. The
doctor said it took out a chunk of her
brain. I told the little snot not to get
close. Might as well. I guess she'll
listen better next time.
Well, hey, till Corporate works out what
to do, we have Foxy shut down, so keep
the current closed on him and the
computer. Whoa, hang on a second.
Everything okay? Yeah, I just thought
maybe I heard
Never mind. What's up? Uh, I was going
to say the computer guys had to come out
today and change the chips or the discs
or something in the animals. So, there
may be some uh glitches. Glitches.
Uh, yeah. They wanted to make sure
there's no more errors with the biting.
So, they changed the software to ensure
that all the animatronic parts are
covered at all times. They can't be
without an animal suit. Also, they're
changing the bunny's voice to being a
girl's or something. That's weird. Yeah,
I know. I guess corporate said it tested
better or something. I don't know. If
you see anything weird, don't freak out.
The place isn't haunted yet.
Yeah, let's keep it that way. I hear
that. Let me know if anything
interesting happens. I'll see you at 6.
Yeah. Good night.
Crap.
What? What the hell?
Someone better not have taken her.
There's Chica. There's Bunny.
Where the hell did the other one go? Not
me. Hello.
Hey, I'll call the cops.
Let's eat. Let's eat some delicious
point.
Hey everybody, it's time to start the
show.
Let me out. Jesus, robot must have
pointed off. Hello. Hello, kids. It's
your best bunny buddy. Bunny buddy.
Escape now. Buddy, are you having a good
time at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza? You're
like me. Cuz I sure am. I guess all of
them are breaking. Ow. Crap. Let me go.
You can't eat pizza all the time.
Sometimes you have to keep to the
healthy snack. What did you just say?
That's against the That's against the
rules, buddy. Help me. Let me go, you
stupid machine. Be good or we're going
to have to fix you. Have to tell your
parents.
God damn it. You almost broke my arm.
Where's the off switch on this? What the
hell? You know what I do for fun? What I
do for fun? I like to eat people. I like
to eat people. Pizza. You're next.
What the hell? Has everything gone
crazy? I need to call the computer tech
back to fix this.
Forgotten me. You're still here. Good. I
guess they didn't upgrade you since
you're out of order.
Maybe the number is in the security
room. At least I can get away from them.
Army
baby.
What the What the [__] Rule breakers be
walking. Walking. No, no, no. My fault.
Walking up the plank.
No running. Join us. The pirates cool
blood.
What? Why isn't the door closing?
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my
god.
Come on, man. Come on.
What?
[Music]
Hey buddy, you're you're you're going to
die like me. No, you're not following
the rules.
Hello.
Hello,
Gordon.
Uh,
God, Michael, shut up. You're such a
drama queen. Shut up, Ally. Allison,
whatever. Can we go somewhere and do
something for once? Summer is almost
over. I can call my mom to take us to
the mall or something. No, that's dumb,
Chuck. We can go to Freddy's. We always
did that when we were younger. Yeah,
when we were babies. Um, we're 13 now.
They still let us in when we're 13.
Yeah, but it's not cool. I like
Freddy's. They still have the X-Men
arcade.
I guess Freddy's isn't so bad, Michael.
I mean, didn't you hear about it being
haunted? What? No way. No, I heard that
from my mom. They say like monsters and
ghosts and stuff come out at night
there. The security guard that was
working there disappeared a few nights
ago. That's nuts, though. Right after
that one girl got her face bitten out. I
heard that there was blood and brains
all over the animals and that they had
to like mop them all down afterward, but
it just smeared into the animal suits
and made them smell like death. Stop it.
You're making Chuck sick. She lived
though. If you can call it that. She
goes to our school and I saw her. It's
Stop, please. Oh, sorry. No, I I have an
idea. We should go to Freddy's. That was
mine. Different from your idea, Ally.
Allison,
we go when the place is closed. We can
go on a ghost hunt. Well, mom did say
they are looking for someone to replace
the guard. Maybe they haven't yet.
Michael, my dad would kill me if he knew
I snuck out there at night. We're not
honestly going to do this, are we? Oh,
come on, Allison. If we go, then we all
have to go together. Oh, Allison's going
to go. Otherwise, I'll tell her dad
about that one website I caught her.
Michael, you said you wouldn't tell
anyone about that. And I still won't. If
y I seriously hate you both for this.
Fine, we'll meet at Freddy's tonight.
I don't like this, guys. We're going to
get into trouble. You're such a wet
blanket, Chuck. Come on. And this is
going to be cool. Chuck's right. This is
a bad idea. Mike, both of you shut up.
God, we have a pizza place all to
ourselves. Video games and pizza till
the sun comes up. I guess so. I don't
know. Well, fine. That means that
Allison can help me plug the arcade
games back in. And Chuck, or should I
say Debbie Downer, is on pizza duty.
Pac-Man. We're here. Oh, come on, guys.
Wait. Pac-Man stuff. This is haunted,
remember? I don't want to. It's my
favorite one.
I think they have
H. So, I guess they just turned on the
oven and put the frozen pizza in.
Hello,
Allison. Mike, stop messing with me,
please.
M Mike
Oh, f Freddy.
I wonder why there's a Freddy Faz back
here instead of on stage.
You wouldn't happen to know where the
pizzas are back there, Freddy. Huh?
Did Did you
move
it? Is there somebody in there?
Oh. Oh, god.
You smell terrible.
Wait.
Is
is this
is there blood on you?
Guys,
it's always a great time at Freddy
Fazbear's Pizza.
Guys, and it's time to enjoy a delicious
a delicious
guys.
Get the cherries. Get Get the cherries.
Yes, Michael. I see the cherries.
They're getting away. I know how to play
Pac-Man, Michael.
Did you just unplug it? I didn't do
anything. The power must have been shut
off. Uh, I bet it's Chuck trying to
freak us out. I like to see.
I like to sing. I like like like I like
delicious children. I like to sing.
That's creepy. The robots probably have
batteries. Doesn't make it any less
creepy.
Yeah, Chuck probably turned those on,
too. Hey, Chuck, come out. The game's
over. Turn the power back on.
Fine, Ally. We'll go into the kitchen
and turn it on ourselves.
Wait, this isn't right. This is Pirates
Cove. I think we needed to take the
other hall. Yeah, just a second. What
are you doing? It says out of order,
Michael. Well, who's going to stop me?
The security guard. Whoa.
I don't like this one. It freaks me out.
I loved Foxy. He's a pirate dude. the
meanest of all of them.
Matey, you best be be heading back to
the stage big because these little
kitties are part part of the pirate
crew. You were scared. Well, so are you.
I was just pretending so you wouldn't
feel bad.
Guess who
sailor? What do you do with the drunken
sailor?
What do you do?
I know you.
There's something else inside of
me.
I don't like this.
Michael
Alison won.
What was that? Did you hear him? Yes,
Michael. He sounded like the girl from
school used to. Yes, I know. He was
saying bite. He was trying to bite our
heads off like that girl from school. I
know. Shut up.
Hey, Chica. Yes, Bonnie.
You know what I like to do for fun?
What? What's that,
Bonnie?
I like to cry. I like to sing and play
my guitar. Want to hear? I love I can't
do this anymore. When you play your play
your guitar,
we should play with Freddy. Let's Let's
get get the band back together.
Where are we?
Holy [__] This is probably the room
where they make all the robots.
They're everywhere. They smell. Oh, they
do. And there's stuff on them. I'm going
to take a look inside. Hang on. Stop,
Alison. One of those things are outside.
And they It's fine. None of these are
awake. It's probably nothing, but I have
to know what's inside these suits.
Fine. Let me boost you.
Do you see anything yet? Almost.
Oh god. Leave. We have to leave. Why?
What did you see? What the hell did you
see? Allison. Kids. Michael, they're
stuffed with kids. Hey, kids.
Get out the window.
I can't get it open.
It's stuck. Move.
Follow me.
Hey, kid. It's It's your old friend.
It's pretty fast there. I hope you're
ready for I hope you're ready. Help me,
please. I don't want to die. Please.
Alison, come back. Come back.
Hey.
Hey, kid.
What are you doing here? Where are your
folks? Help me, please. My friends are
inside and I saw blood and dead people
and I think they're hurt and I don't
know who to go to. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Slow down. You snuck in and saw snuck in
in the middle of the night and we were
just trying to play games and eat pizza.
And I know we did something bad, but I
don't think we can get hurt by this.
Okay, sweetie. You didn't do anything
wrong. We'll make sure everything's
okay.
We're just going to bring you back
inside. Inside? No, we can't go back
inside. Everything's going to be okay.
[Music]
Initially, two children were missing,
but police now believe that there are
five missing children related to the
Freddy Fazbear incident. Three more
local children were reported missing
earlier this week, and information taken
from the mother of one of the children
leads them to believe that the three had
ventured to the popular family
restaurant Freddy Fazbear's Pizza late
in the night, never to return. The
manager of the local branch had this to
say. It's a tragedy.
There's no doubt about that. But we
focus on being a restaurant that
supports family fun and an environment
safe for kids. I've personally reviewed
the night footage and I've handed over
all evidence about these disappearances
to the police.
From what I've seen,
they should have no problem identifying
the guilty party and making Freddy's
safe again.
Authorities have arrested a suspect, an
evening janitor that the security
footage points to. The children have yet
to be recovered, and any evidence about
where they are is yet to be found. More
on this story as it develops.
Uh, hey there boys and girls. It's Fred,
owner of Fredbear's Family Diner and
creator of Freddy Fazbear. I just wanted
to thank all of you for coming out and
joining some pizza with me and my
friends. So, without further ado, I'd
love to introduce to you my best
animatronic friend, Freddy Fazbear.
Hey everyone, it's your old friend,
Freddy Fazbear, and thanks for coming
out to Freddy Fazbear's Pizza.
And don't forget about me, your best
buddy. Buddy, Bonnie, I've got my guitar
tuned and I'm ready to play. Freddy,
that sounds great, buddy. Don't forget
me, guys. I'm Chica. Let's eat. There's
some pretty amazing pizza here, guys. We
can't eat pizza all the time, Chica.
Right. We have a job to do, Chica. But
we're not all here, Freddy. We're not.
Uh-oh. Who are we missing?
Foxy.
Foxy? Where could he be? Hey kids, where
do you think Boxy could be? Mom, this
place is so boring. No, Jonathan. You
love Freddy's, remember? Yeah, when I
was little. You're still little,
Jonathan. No, I'm not. Well, we're still
waiting on your dad to get off work.
When he is, then we're all going home
together.
Did you want more pizza or get some ice
cream from the buffet? I'm going to go
find the other kids to play with. Then,
Jonathan,
fine,
but be safe. This is so stupid. The
animatronics don't even seem real
anymore. They're so old looking.
Hey there, buddy. Why the long face?
Buzz off, Freddy. or Oh, you're the
yellow one, huh? You got it, buddy.
Golden like the stars. Huh? Well, Golden
Freddy, leave me alone. I'm too old for
this kind of stuff anyway. A Don't be
like that, buddy.
There's plenty to do at Freddy Fazbears.
Did you want to play some of the video
games? No, that's stupid. The claw
machine here is rigged. Haha. No, silly.
The arcade game's in the back of the
diner. Arcade? There's never been an
arcade here. It's only for the special
guests.
I'm a special guest. More than you know.
Show me. Right this way, buddy.
Is it on the other side of the kitchen?
I've never seen the inside of the
kitchen before.
Hello. Hello.
Where where am I?
Mom,
why? Why can't I move?
Puppets don't move on their own.
See, you're an adorable little puppet.
Fish hooks in your hands, fish hooks in
your feet, and you can dance
wonderfully.
[Music]
Why? Why?
Help me, please. Shut up. Shut up. My
mom's out there. So, help me. You'll be
like the others. Are you in there? Shut
up,
Peter. Where are you? We're not closed
yet. You have to be out on the floor
with the employees. I will, Fred. I'm
I'm taking care of some of the financial
paperwork.
What paperwork? You just have to handle
the drops. I handle the papers. Open the
damn door. Peter, please help me. Please
help me.
Please.
Please help. For God's sake, Peter. It's
the last one, Fred. I can handle this. I
just wanted one more before we moved.
No. No. We're supposed to be growing. Do
you understand? We're franchising this
place in a few weeks. You can't do this.
You can't keep putting me in this
position, Peter. I know. I know. This
isn't this isn't going to keep
happening.
I can handle it from here. You better.
I'm going to be in a corporate office
and these places are relying on you.
Please. Okay.
I'm sorry.
Victor. Victor, it's Fred.
Fredbear's Family Diner is closed. Do
you understand? We need those new
animatronics now. We're opening the new
store in just a few days. Okay? You
I don't care. I don't care what you have
to do. You make them work. You You take
the pieces out of the old one if you
have to. You make the new ones work.
Okay?
This is not going to fail me.
[Music]
Music box stopped.
Save them.
It's party time and I want to have the
wildest
Wildest pizza.
It's your best buddy. Bunny, buddy,
buddy, buddy. Not a cat. It's your best
buddy buddy.
It's always a fun time at Freddy
Fazbear's Pizza.
[Music]
[Applause]
Victor. Here. Victor, are you there?
Victor, pick up if you're there.
Okay. Uh,
it's Fred, the Fred, the the owner of of
Freddy Fazbears. Look. Okay. So,
the animatronics were delivered today
and they
Well, okay. They look great, man. You
did a great job on them. They're They're
a lot friendlier looking than the old
ones. They don't they don't make that
that were when they walk around too. And
yeah, we we're we're letting them roam
around uh the new diner a bit more. If
that's a problem, let me know. But it
looks good from what they did today.
They're they're much friendlier with the
kids, too. The old ones kept doing that
that stupid lock up stare down. Uh so
these work out much better. I think the
only thing that they stare at are the
managers and the the workers now.
Honestly,
I I kind of find it kind of I find that
kind of funny. Um, only issue I'm having
is the night mode on these things. I
can't get it on or it's not it's not
been programmed in or something. I can't
I can't turn them off. I mean, we have
to figure out a sleep mode or or dock
location for them so they don't keep
wandering.
We We found two of them in the security
room the other day.
All right. Well, uh, get back to me when
you can. So, uh, yeah. Thanks again,
Victor.
Whoa. Is that good?
Okay, Fred, I got your message. So, I'm
going to be sending you a few of these
update logs while I work on the new
animatronics.
This is probably a pain shipping them in
back out while I get them fixed up, but
what can you do, right?
Um, so about that night mode bug. I
haven't actually made a night mode. I
mean, they shouldn't be as active at
night, but they can freeze up and that
will ruin the entire walking mechanism
on the machine. So, you need to let the
new ones and even the old ones walk
around at least after hours.
The thing is, they should only be
confined to the one room. If they're
wandering outside of that, then maybe
you have some kind of interference. I'm
checking over some of these things now.
The beak on Chica came off really
easily. Have you guys seen this fall off
at all? If so, might have to do
different.
You bit my head.
I'm guessing that's what you're having
the problem with.
It uh should be off, but the modes
change at random. I'm investigating with
a few of the other machines with the
lower jaws removed, and I'm getting a
similar issue. I'll shipping them back
for the store in the morning, but send
me all the machines you have in house
tomorrow. I'll take a look and see if I
can't find where the interference is
coming from. They're switching modes.
Uh, Victor, it's Fred. Uh, listen,
there's there's been a few problems
um with the store, and it's it's nothing
to be, you know, too bothersome. It's
just a few kids that go missing. You
know what I mean? Uh it's a family
place. Uh things like that just kind of
happen. I can always have Peter look for
them when he's managing the store. He
was um
he was good about that back when running
Fredbears.
Uh but hey, the the Foxy that you made
uh we need you to fix the thing up. this
the stupid kids keep tearing it apart
and uh the lawyers are saying we can't
just keep the the parents liable for the
damage because something with the the
licensing for the the building and the
the kid-friendly place. I I don't know.
But I do know this is bleeding money to
keep fixing it. I mean by the by the end
of the day the employees are calling the
thing the mangle. I'm not going to have
that in my restaurant. I'm not I'm going
to have them sweep the thing back into
the closet soon and just just use the
old Foxy until you can get this thing
fixed up. Use the code from the old one
if you have to. So we can do that
intimidate kids with a blank stair
thing. They never tore that one up. So
name your price. The store has been
doing really great. Um
value of the company is skyrocketing.
Last thing I want is to take a hit. You
know what I'm saying?
Um, just come on into the store after
we've locked up for the night and um,
get those things fixed. I'll help Peter
get you the keys. Talk to you soon.
There you go, Vic. Are you sure you're
going to be okay in here? Things get a
bit spooky at night.
I think I can handle my own creations,
Peter. Thanks.
Are you going to be hanging out? Me? No,
I have a dinner to eat and movies to
watch.
I'm off the clock. I'll leave the keys
in the front door for you. Lock up when
you're done. Sounds good. Hopefully the
repairs won't take long. Gotcha. Oh, and
by the way, there's a music box in the
room near the mangle or Foxy, and the
security guard usually winds it and all,
but uh I gave him the night off since
you were going to be here. Can you whine
that every so often in case? Uh,
in case.
Never mind. It's dumb. Soda fountains
are still running if you want to get a
drink. And if you need the Freddy
Fazbear mask, it's in the security
office. Why would I ever need that?
Yeah, right. Good night, Victor.
Good night, Peter.
Here's another one,
Fred.
Hopefully this portable one's going to
work out. Okay, I haven't really tested
it out, so this is as good a test as
any. Headed to the toy foxy room now.
Oh, wow.
Oh, sorry, Fred. I I just haven't seen
the animatronics on stage before. You
really did a good job of putting this
place together. It's a huge step up from
the family diner.
Whoa.
I forgot they're on free roam at night.
Peter was right when he said it gets a
bit spooky in here. Hey kids, it's a
great night here at Freddy Fazbears.
Oh no, the software is looping, isn't
it? How about a hug kid?
And we're getting interference.
No running in the ring. In the ring, in
the ring in the restaurant, buddy. Easy
does it, Victor. They're just machines.
I'll just have to flash the light in
their eyes for a moment and that should
be set.
A little reboot should be all they need
to clear the repeater. I'll get Bonnie
and Chica while I'm here, too.
It's party time, kids.
Let's party. You're lucky you got me,
man. Otherwise, this software loop can
get pretty bad. Hey, hey, hey. [__] you.
Hey there, kids. Are you ready to rock
and roll? Jesus. The interference is
seriously going to cause a problem if I
can't fix this. I'm relatively sure I
just heard him say a word you do not
want him to say around kids.
Okay, let's see if I can track it down,
then.
Well, here's the mangle. And it seems
like the signal of the interference
should be right around.
I think it's this music box Peter was
telling me about. Why do you guys just
let it play all night anyway?
Oh well, it's almost done. Just stop
using this thing, Fred. It's causing you
more problem than you need. Might even
help you with your missing kid problem.
Interference might switch them to free
room and lead them places they aren't
supposed to go.
Much better. The interference signal is
gone. Anyway, I'm headed back to the
mangle. I think I'm going to try
changing out the detachable connectors
for some heavy duty long screws. It'll
make Foxy a bit more rigid, but the kids
will be hardressed to pull that apart.
Hello.
Weird.
I guess one of the animatronics must
have bumped into something. Still
getting its surroundings back from the
reboots, maybe. Oh,
I can see why you had me come in here,
Fred. Kids really did a number on Toy
Foxy. Isn't that right, Foxy?
Oops. The voice box is a little damaged.
Just a second, Foxy.
[Applause]
The interference should be gone.
[Music]
Stop.
What is going on? I thought all the old
animatronics were off. Great.
Hey there, sugar. Why not give old Fox
your kiss? Fox.
Play nice with me. Shoot.
That's not a very nice thing to do. Damn
it. There's There's too many around here
to keep flashing over the eyes.
Something has to be controlling them
remotely or something. I can't do this
alone. I I need someone else to help me
shut each one down so we can find out
what went wrong with these things.
That's not very naive.
You have to play play safe if you you
you
die. Damn it.
You can't leave without your parents,
buddy.
Victor.
Victor, I'm sorry. Unlock the door,
Peter. I can't let Fred know what
happened.
What are you talking about? Let me out.
You're out of control. Yeah.
I know. Open the door, you son of a
[__]
[Music]
Victor.
God, man.
Where are you? I asked you to come into
the store like a week ago. Okay. I
haven't I haven't heard anything from
you. Peter never saw you. Have you
Have you seen the news?
Calling it the bite, man. This is
It's going to ruin me. It's going to
ruin the whole company. And this is your
fault. These are your robots. Okay, you
said that they were safe. And now look,
the whole store is in lockdown.
Taking all the new electronics. I have
to hire these morons to refurbish the
old ones to maybe maybe salvage a
business out of this.
We don't have to close up the store now.
This is all your damn fault. If you'd
fixed the bugs, asked you to,
this wouldn't happen.
This This wouldn't have happened. I I
hired you for a reason. Okay. You said
you could handle this. Well, where the
hell have you been?
Not even going to not even going to
return my calls now, huh? You better
lawyer the [__] up. You know, you you
hear me? You better lawyer up. You may
not want to talk to me, but my lawyers
will damn well want to talk to you.
[Music]
It was insane.
And the end lovers beauty wear the
pirate Coca-Cola.
[Music]
Peter. Peter, are you in your office?
Come in, Fred.
Hey,
store is still running.
I thought that we were shut down since
we can't use the animatronics.
Nah, the bite shouldn't be a reason that
we shut down. We still have the old
spring lock suits from Fredbears. I've
had the employees and myself walking
around in those instead.
You can't do that. Those things are
dangerous. They're the whole reason that
we went full animatronic. The the locks
on all the animatronic parts on the
inside are faulty. If you if you so much
as breathe wrong, brush one of those
things, it it'll crush it to death. You
know that everyone gets trainy on them.
Don't worry, Peter.
The police are still going through
everything with me. But this isn't
looking good. And you're not helping me
at all with this. It It's looking
What are you doing? Dismantling them.
Why? That was Victor's job. You can't
mess with these things. They're They're
evidence now. Victor hasn't showed up in
days. Remember he took your cash and he
ran. Remember? Yeah. How could I forget?
Guy screwed us. You Excuse me? He
screwed you. I don't own this company.
You don't? I I'm sorry. How many times
have I stuck my neck out for you? You
ungrateful [__] You can't abandon me
when the [__] hits the fan. Fred, why do
you think I'm doing all this? Victor's
not here to hide your tracks. I'm doing
it for you. You're covering your own
tracks. The [__] that's going wrong here
is you. The people disappearing, the the
deaths.
I've been covering you. I've been
covering for you for years. And why is
that? I'm not your family. I'm not your
friend. I'm not even a business partner.
Who would ever believe that you have a
reason to cover my tracks? If anything,
I'm the one doing you a favor for all
these years. You are my friend. We
started this together.
If If you weren't supposed to be my
friend, then what the hell have we been
doing? I don't know, but you better have
a good way to explain that to the
police. [__] you, Peter. [__] you.
and I'll kill you for this. I swear
the security cameras are still running
in here. You know, Peter, I
swear to God, this isn't going to be
over for you.
I'll make sure you burn for this.
I'll make you walk walk the plank.
Good night, Foxy.
You're the last of the four.
Everything's in order.
It's been fun, Fazbear, but this career
has long since run its course.
[Music]
you.
What?
What happened?
Security room.
How do I get in here?
Fred.
There's nothing. I
The animatronics were disabled. Accepted
that.
Fred, what did you do to me? I swear to
God.
Fred.
Hello.
God damn it. There's only one left.
There's nothing to be afraid of. It's
just messing with you. It's just messing
with you. I can get out the back door.
I'll find Fred. I'll kill him before I
leave this whole stinking town in the
dust.
[Music]
You don't have a body anymore. Poor
little forgotten piece of trash. this to
us.
You can't leave us.
You can never leave. Oh, you two. I
remember you. I remember both of you.
You can't. Oh, how you screamed. You can
never leave. How are you?
You did this to us. You can't leave us.
You can never leave. You're all back.
None of you can leave it, can you?
You cannot.
You did it. You confessed to us. You
can't. What are you doing? You think
this is my fault?
I didn't do anything. You were the
idiots that couldn't listen to your
parents. Get back. Get the hell away
from me. Help me. Help me. Get the hell
out of my way. Stop blocking the exits.
Help me. You did this to help me. You
can't. Get away. Get away from me. Help
me.
Help me. Help me. Get away from me. I
said
help me.
Help me. Damn things are following me
everywhere.
The back doors, the closets.
How the hell did that guard us? The
seats. The spring lock suits can hide
me.
We'll see about that.
To us, you can't leave us. You can leave
us.
[Laughter]
You stupid kids. Stupid in life and
stupid in death.
I'll see you all in hell.
No.
Oh god. No.
Oh god.
[Music]
Help me.
to the back. In
the area to the back in
no
the question was what were the future
plans for uh Fazbear Entertainment?
Uh, since we we've grown out of um
grown out of Fredbear's Family Diner,
obviously we had some very ambitious
ideas for what to do with the company.
And
a lot of those ideas may have been more
than we were able to chew. So,
we we've gone back to the building. We
we've worked well with the police um to
get everything resolved. And I think
I think this
is going to require some small
renovations to the building.
Closing off a few closing off a few
rooms here and there, making sure the
children can't wander wander away from
the play areas. But overall,
it's a minor setback.
We're confident that we'll reopen
someday.
Even if it is with a much smaller
budget.
[Music]
Heat.
So,
They found you.
With how obsessed they've been with
everything,
I'm not that surprised that they found
you.
You should have known, Peter.
After everything you did,
there's consequences.
You don't just get away with murder. As
much as I tried to help you,
you can never get away with murder.
You did know that I was trying to help
you, didn't you?
You're my friend.
I always thought of you. So, you're
here.
[Music]
I knew I knew that. I
You waited kept you locked away for
years. Years so that you could I've
waited so long anyone
and then they brought you out.
Help
me.
[Music]
Help me,
please.
I just didn't know it looked like this.
Please.
Yeah,
I can help you. I can help you, Peter.
After everything that you've done to me,
after everything that you've put me
through, telling me you don't des
you don't deserve.
I'll help you, you son of a [__]
Do you remember last time we talked,
Peter?
Do you remember when you abandoned me
and you left me before before you became
this?
I told you
burned for what you did to me.
[Music]
When I first spotted the listing on
Facebook Marketplace, I was sure that it
was a scam.
Two used animatronics dismantled,
bundled together for sale, discounted.
the header read. They were a new seller
with what looked like a fake account
that had been quickly set up. It was
actually the picture that tipped me off
that they were from some Disney
attractions. One appeared to be an
angled shot of a robot pirate from
Pirates of the Caribbean ride, and the
other was what looked like an older
model of one of those presidents from
the infamous Liberty Square attraction.
I told myself that it was too good to be
true, but I went ahead and shot the
seller a message anyway, let him know I
was interested in buying. The reply came
quickly. Hello, thank you for your
interest. These items will be auctioned
next Monday at the certain storage unit.
Please submit info for your spot at the
event. Sign John. That immediately made
me reconsider. I didn't really have time
to waste wandering all the way downtown
for a chance at purchasing these things.
And I knew that an auction like this
could probably take hours, not to
mention shipping, handling, and all the
other hidden fees that they could easily
attach. I put in my information, but I
wasn't expecting more to come from it. I
was just about to close my laptop and
consider the whole thing a lost cause
when the seller DM'd me. Hey, sorry
about the automated message that was
meant to weed out the wishy-washy
wannabes. So, you think you want these
hunks of junk?
I was relieved to be talking to a real
person, but still wary, especially the
way that they talked. Do you have all
the parts, including the audio
recordings? I typed back, "Yep,
everything's all here. just nobody
really interested in them. Truth be
told, they're going to the auction, but
I figured it easier to sell them
outright to avoid the hassle of having
to haul them back out here if they
didn't.
I mean, that made sense. I was sure the
things probably weighed about 100 lb
each, possibly a little more. And since
they weren't put together, it just meant
extra trips. The auction's Friday. I
could come look at them tomorrow and
decide, I asked. That would be perfect.
John gave me a few more details like how
to find the storage unit, passcode, and
how to get in. Recommended that I bring
a small van to haul them in. And then he
took the listing off Facebook, promising
that he wouldn't sell them to anyone
else. I probably won't be there when you
come to check them out, by the way. Is
that okay?
I hesitated, thinking maybe this was a
scam to try to make me look like I'd be
trespassing or something.
The property has cameras, so I know you
won't break [__] I can verify
everything financially through PayPal,
too, if you make a decision, he added.
He drove a hard bargain, so I gave.
The storage unit itself was a sore thumb
off the highway, probably owned and
operated by a single person by the looks
of it. I punched in the code John had
given me, and the old rickety gate
slowly slid open, whining as it did.
Most of the units looked like they were
either abandoned or destroyed, further
worrying me that maybe what I was going
to buy wasn't as spectacular as I had
hoped, and this whole afternoon had
indeed been a waste of time. The unit in
question was wedged on the second aisle,
right next to a pothole with a lock
hanging off of it halfway.
Took a breath and I lifted it up,
expecting to be disappointed.
Much to my surprise, though,
looked like the pictures I had seen
online were accurate.
Lodged amid the rest of the metallic
parts were several different
animatronics, all of which looked like
they had been tossed in here without a
second thought. I did a quick check of
the parts to make sure everything John
had told me was there. And then started
to pull them out of the unit and onto my
flatbed truck. Not exactly rolling in
style, but probably headed to better
conditions than being trapped in there
for the next 25 years. I thought
the pirate was mostly intact.
Save for the head and one of the arms,
which was exactly what John had warned
me about. I think the arm rolled down
the slope of the unit, so if you dig,
you can find it," he said. Once the
bigger parts were on the truck, I did
just that. And that was when I saw that
there was actually a third animatronic
in the mix that he hadn't even listed at
all. The one looked like it was in much
better shape. It was a big unpainted and
unused male animatronic with no clothes
on it. One that looked like it'd
probably come from either Tomorrowland
or the Main Street USA because it was in
such good condition. The minute I saw
it, uncolored gray eyes, no hair, weird
toothy smile, I knew it would be perfect
for the door greeter of my attraction. I
moved the rest of the junk aside, pulled
the animatronic out, carefully placing
it on the flatbed, and using my rope to
tie it down since it was all in one
piece. and then tried to decide if I
even had room for the presidential one.
Somehow, I convinced myself to leave it,
figuring that newer animatronics were a
better deal. And since the agreement
with John had been for two, I told
myself I wasn't stealing. It all would
have to go to the scrap heap eventually.
So, I was really doing him a favor, and
he was doing me one, too, I decided.
Once I was sure the animatronics were
snug in the back of the truck,
I shot John a message. went ahead and
grabbed the bots. Sending payment now, I
said as I drove out of the storage unit.
On the way to the haunted house, he shot
me a message back thanking me for the
buy. The usual friendly closure for any
sale. And I turned my phone over and put
it on silent so I wouldn't be distracted
while I backed up.
My plan was pretty simple. I was going
to put the pirate robot in on one of the
prop walls so when tourists passed by,
the headless thing would pop out, say
its line, and maybe wave its hook hand.
The colorless one was a different story,
though. It looked so creepy and so
lifelike that I knew it had to be near
the front door. "Maybe I could get a wig
and paint its eyes blue, tell folks it
was my evil twin," I thought to myself
as I put the truck in park and began to
haul them inside. I laid the pirate
parts out on my kitchen table and
immediately spotted the audio box,
deciding to tinker with it. After I set
up the naked bot in the corner,
I took a good look at the machine,
impressed with how well it was made, and
noticed a few switches in the back,
which I guessed were the motion
controls. I flipped them all on and off
a few times to see if anything worked,
but no dice. The thing didn't even make
a whisper.
Then I sat down and I started working
with the wires. My phone buzz.
It was John.
Hey, did you just decide on the pirate
bot? You didn't need to pay me for both
if you were only getting one. I put the
phone back down, realizing that it
wouldn't be long before he found out I
had taken the newer model. But did he
even know it was there? Maybe, maybe
not.
Sorry. I figured you went through so
much trouble I would just pay forward.
Thanks again, I responded. Back to work.
Or so I thought. My phone buzzed again
seconds later. Did you take anything
else from the storage unit? Crap. Well,
now I have to explain myself. Still, I
decided to bluff my way out. There's
something missing. Sorry, I forgot to
lock it back. I could pay a little extra
if something was stolen. Okay, that
should keep him off my back for a little
while. I figured
there was a third animatronic.
Wasn't meant to be sold. Did you see it?
Double crap. I needed to talk my way out
of this. Uh, look, I didn't think it was
a big deal. That's why I left the other
one. Sorry, but I think this robot's in
better shape. Again, I can pay extra if
it's worth more. I looked up at the
color of this robot, wondering why it
had been in the storage unit at all if
it wasn't for sale. A flurry of texts
popped up from John. No, that one wasn't
meant to leave the premises. Where are
you now? I'll come pick it up. Did you
turn it on? Don't.
One more that was a little worrisome.
Not safe.
The pirate voice box finally got to
working at the same instant. A blood
curdling cackle filled the room, making
me jump a little. I looked at the
messages again, both confused and
creeped out by John. And I hate to say
it, but his last text made me decide to
put the naked robot over in my closet,
out of the way, and not staring at me
while I worked. Maybe it was because it
was getting late, but after that weird
conversation, I didn't like the way that
it was looking at me. Once I put it up,
I kept my focus on the pirate bot,
trying to not let Jon's bizarre message
freak me out. When my phone buzzed
again, this time a call. I was sure it
was going to be John, announcing he had
somehow found my haunted attraction.
Private ID.
Nervously, I answered the phone and put
it on speaker.
Hey, boss. You okay? What time do I need
to get there to set up for tomorrow?
Pierre, one of my maintenance men. He
always called from some landline. Can't
tell you how relieved I was to hear him.
Uh, six is fine. Maybe a little earlier.
I got some new bots that I'll need help
with. Sounds good. See you then. Click.
I rubbed my eyes tiredly and yawned as I
checked the time. Way past sleep.
Whatever was going on with the other
bot, it would have to wait till morning.
Stood up. and admired the pirate bot,
pleased with the progress I had made on
it.
What he really needs to make him
complete is a prop sword, I thought to
myself. Just one more thing. I walked
over to the storage closet and opened it
up, rumaging through my equipment and
then
and then paused.
Wait, where was that other bot? I took a
step back. I saw that it was leaning to
one side over in the hallway. That
That's not
where I put it. Is it?
I sighed, realizing
it was just too late for me to be
remembering. I grabbed the prop sword,
trying not to let my half asleep brain
get the better of me. I placed the sword
in the hand of the pirate bot, took
another step back, grabbing my phone off
the counter, taking a snapshot of it. As
I did, I got a few more worrisome texts
from John.
If turned on, make sure it doesn't go
anywhere. Keep an eye on it until I get
there, but not for too long. Shoot me
your address in the morning so I can get
there ASAP. Did you leave? Are you safe?
And one more that made me feel uneasy
standing there.
We'll trick you. Don't listen.
Now he had officially creeped me out. I
decided to block him.
I turned back towards the hallway,
looking at the leaning naked bot just
standing there. It's colorless eyes
staring straight into my soul and
weirdass teeth gleaming in the dim
lights.
Maybe I should just [__] go home, I
thought to myself.
But then I reconsidered.
If this thing was valuable, John might
try to break in here and take it from
me.
I decided to go get my small dolly so I
could wheel it into my office and lock
it in there. And it's not that I was
buying into this creepy messages, but
I kept my eyes on the robot for as long
as I could until I turned a corner and
went downstairs.
My attraction has a total of three
different stories, by the way. The
basement being the most popular for
obvious reasons and also the most
cluttered. Pushing aside a few of the
prop ghosts and ghouls, I found the
dolly and started to head for the
stairs. I was halfway there when I
tripped over something on the floor and
crashed down. I saw a cracker. I shouted
at the top of my lungs as I rubbed my
head from where I bumped against one of
my old medieval knights.
And then I heard a voice from upstairs.
Hey boss, you okay?
Pierre,
what was he doing here this early? I got
up and hauled the dolly upstairs,
answering back. Yeah. Yeah. I I just
nearly killed myself, but other than
that, I'm fine. As I got back to the
main floor, I set the dolly aside and
looked around.
I didn't see Pierre anywhere.
And I didn't see the robot where it had
been minutes ago.
Then I heard his voice again, but it
definitely sounded different. Sounds
good.
It's coming from the hallway where the
robot had been. If Pierre, if this is a
prank, I swear to God, I will fire you.
No response.
I took a step into the hallway, Pierre.
God damn it. You better answer me right
now.
I'll get you.
What the [__] I took a step back to the
main room. No longer feeling safe, I
went to the pirate bot and reached for
the prop sword, holding it right in
front of my body as I moved towards the
hallway. The first room on the right was
a bathroom, followed by the ticket
counter and the hallway to my office.
I stood a few meters away from the
bathroom. I I kicked the door in,
keeping the prop store sword right at
eye level. The door swung open and
closed just as rapidly.
Empty.
Next was the ticket booth. It had room
for an employee to squeeze in and hide
behind a sheet. Perfect for scaring
little kids as they came in. Not so
great now that I was apparently hunting
a haunted audio animatronic.
I stuck the edge of the sword into the
curtain and gently pulled it aside,
trying to see anything. It was too dark,
so I had to actually physically step
into the booth.
Nothing.
Where the hell was this thing? I
cautiously moved down the hallway
towards my office, my heart beating out
of my chest. There was a silhouette just
in the doorway, and I could see its
colorless eyes, except
except they weren't so lifeless anymore.
Now they were bright and sharp blue. I
didn't even [__] hesitate. I it I
came toward it, swinging the sword
quickly and rapidly as I smashed it back
into my office and toward my closet. It
spewed out some stinky purple blood as
it clawed at my face. And I I shoved as
hard as I could.
As it was pushed backward, I felt its
cold, lifeless body touch mine. Then I
thought for sure it whispered something
just as I crammed it in the closet and
slammed the door. Quickly, I slid my
desk over to it and pushed it against
the door. I stood back, taking a breath
and trying to figure out if I had just
gone crazy and attacked a lifeless doll
or or
something else entirely had happened.
And then on the other side, I heard
scratching.
Hell no. I pushed the desk as far
against the door as I could. And then I
reached into my pocket and got my
storage keys out. Latching it tight, I
took a step back to see if it would
hold.
I jump back a few feet. No time to get
out of there.
This morning, I've had a chance to
compose myself. Had a little coffee. I
jotted down as much detail about the
incident. I guess I could file a police
report or something.
After I left last night, I told myself
it was all a strange fever dream.
Walking into the haunt, I heard the soft
sound of footsteps.
I stood still.
Pierre,
that you?
He popped his head around the corner and
waved. "Hey, boss, you okay?" My entire
body relaxed and I walked down the
hallway. "Better now that I've seen
you," I said as I whipped out my phone
and decided to unblock John. Pierre kept
sweeping. "You need to come pick this
thing up," I messaged as I opened my
office door.
On the floor, I saw bits of the strange
blood the thing had spewed out on me,
scattered across the closet.
The closet that was
now open.
Oh [__] Got out, I thought. Pierre, did
you go in there? I asked, cautiously,
stepping towards it. "Oh, I forgot to
tell you. Some guy showed up. Said he
was going to take care of whatever's in
there." He shouted from the other hall.
As I creeped the door open, I saw what
little was left of the bot, mangled and
destroyed.
Oh, hell no. That's not good, I said as
I decided to call John. I rang a few
times as I paced the room. I've been
trying to contact you, he said. Save me
the speech and just come and get the
rest of your ship, I snapped. I will as
soon as you give me your address, John
shot back.
I flinched the phone hard in my frozen
place.
What?
I thought you came by this morning.
My eyes darted down the hallway.
I didn't see Pierre anywhere.
I heard John take a breath. Give me your
address
now.
And then I heard a voice from behind me.
Hey boss,
you okay?
I had just finished my tuna salad
sandwich when the clock struck 1:00 a.m.
Watching that hand tick over the one was
the sign that I'd made it a halfway
through my shift. And the rest of the
night was likely going to be a breeze.
People almost never traveled the road
after 1:00 a.m. So, at the most, I'd
probably have two or three more people
over the next four hours looking to get
some gas. The hooker and vampire crowd
rarely made their way to my place of
employment. Earl's gas and stop in the
middle of bum [__] nowhere.
That was fine by me.
I snagged a pack of reds from the
cigarette rack behind me and tossed a
five and a couple of quarters in the
register to cover the cost before
walking over to the front door and
stepping just outside. Cool night air
hit and set a chill up my spine. The
base of my neck just above me the neon
sign hummed interrupted by the only
occasional pop. They looked up at it
while I cast its dim red and blue glows
down on my face.
Earl's Gas and STP.
The O and the two apostrophes long dead.
At least as long as I'd been there,
which at this point was pushing
somewhere around 3 years. Fix your
[__] sign, Earl. I mumbled to myself
with a laugh as I held the cigarette
between my lips. You lazy old bastard.
Earl was never going to fix the sign,
though. Earl never fixed anything. There
was a shelf inside and if you bumped it
just right, it'd come crashing down.
Probably would have only taken a couple
of screws to fix it and Earl refused.
"Store's fine," he'd say in his crushy
old man voice. "You act like it's
falling apart or something," his tone
became clearly more accusatory with the
second part of a statement. "I'll fix
it," I'd said to him, only to be
dismayed with a wave of the hand and
grumble about liability insurance.
The shelf itself remained stocked with
paper goods to avoid any potential
breakage, and I eventually gave up the
argument. I was only three puffs into my
cigarette when a dark red Honda came
rolling up the road and pulled into the
station. The car was coated with a layer
of dirt showing prominently underneath
the harsh fluoresence that hung above
the pumps. Couldn't see the driver
through the windows. The light simply
reflected the world around the car
rather than giving me a glimpse inside.
The car sat idling for a few moments.
The buzz of the lights and the sound of
the grumbling engine being the only
sounds cutting through the otherwise
quiet night. I felt an uneasy vibe in
the air as I watched the mysterious new
arrival. I could see stilted movements
from inside the car, but was unable to
make out any defining shapes. Suddenly,
the engine shut off and after a few
moments of silence, I heard muffled
shouting. Saw the car rock back and
forth for a few moments. Gave my
cigarette down, ready to go check what
was happening. The feeling of unease
replaced by a very real anxiety.
As soon as I turned my first step away
from the front of the store, though, the
driver's side door swung open
and a man stepped into the light.
He was probably in his early 40s. His
hair was thinning on top of his head and
stubble framed his wide- cheicked face.
He was wearing a straped down button
shirt with short sleeves and a black tie
dangling loosely from his neck. His eyes
caught mine. He froze for a second,
suddenly becoming aware that I'd been
standing there the whole time.
Hey, you all right, man? I took another
step forward as I spoke. The man looked
truly disheveled as he walked around the
front of his car. This became more
apparent. His clothes were caked with
dried mud that flecked off his khaki
pants as he walked past the palm sit in
my direction.
I'm
I'm fine," he spoke in a low and timid
voice. "I I've just had a long night."
He avoided my eyes as he walked past me
into the store. I noticed even more
dried mud on the back of his shirt and
his skin.
Little rips in his clothes, I see
scratches on his arms. One of his hands
looked as if he had a makeshift cloth
bandage, just a piece of torn shirt
wrapped around the palm. I could see
blood staining the edges. It looked as
if he'd had a long night. Hell, it
looked as if he'd just fallen down a
rather steep hill and gotten in a bad
fight with every rock on his way to the
bottom. Sparing one last glance back at
his car, I followed him into the store.
As I walked over my spot behind the
counter, the man weaved his way to the
cooler in the back, pulled out a bottle
of water. He cracked it open and drank
the whole thing in just a few seconds.
He took out two more and walked back up
to the counter, spilling water still
dripping from his chin. "And a pack of
lights," he said, dropping the water in
front of me and fishing out his wallet.
Bil in his eyes was tired and defeated
with an urge to ask him if he was okay,
but held back.
Whatever had happened to him, it
probably wasn't something he wanted to
discuss with some shitheill gas station
clerk in the middle of the night. 9:45,
I said, grabbing his pointed out brand
of cigarettes from the rack behind me
and handing it to him directly.
And he told me he was going to need them
handy.
Anything else?
He shook his head and dropped a $10 bill
on the counter before rumaging through
his pockets, bringing out a handful of
change. He counted out 45 cents and
handed it to me. I dropped it into the
register without making my own count and
handed him a $1 bill. He nodded at me
with an odd look of relief. He shoved
the dollar into his pocket and gathered
up his cigarettes and the bottle of
water.
Before I could even thank him, he was
walking towards the door. His mind
seemed already a few steps ahead of him
and dragged him along. I expected to
hear the doorbell as the man headed back
out to his car, but instead he stopped
just short of the door.
then looked back at me.
He stared at me for a few seconds, his
eyes full of what looked like guilt. It
made me feel uneasy enough to say
something.
Can I help you with something else, man?
My hand went to the mini bag that Earl
kept below the counter just in case. No,
just He stuck the cigarette in his
pocket and used his now free hand to
wipe his brow. Looked exhausted and
scared. Right.
Just be careful working out here at
night. Okay, kid.
Now you got it, buddy. I nervously
laughed at his sudden concern. Not sure
what else to say. The whole situation
was starting to get under my skin.
Honestly, I just warned him out the
door. Yeah.
Yeah.
Spoke to the knight as he turned towards
the door and opened it.
I watched him every step
as he got to his car and got in.
I saw the spark of a lighter for a
second and then the engine started.
I waited what felt like an eternity for
him to pull away from the pump's head
down on the road. I could feel him
looking at me from behind the reflection
of his windshield,
just staring.
I couldn't see his eyes, but I know
when he finally drove off and vanished
down the road, I realized I've been
holding my breath and gripping the bat
with white knuckles. I let out a huge
sigh of relief and forced to laugh, even
though the general unease of the guy's
presence had yet to leave me. I dropped
my ass, that little stool behind the
counter, and put my face in my hands.
Hells of the night shift. Sometimes you
get a weird customer, I thought to
myself. At least it'll be a nice little
anecdote for my friends later.
I laughed and my palm then shook off,
finally lifting my head and opening my
eye.
I nearly fell off my chair
when I saw someone standing in front of
me.
He'd come out of nowhere. The bell over
the door never rang when he entered. I
didn't hear a car pull up, no footsteps
to the store as he walked up to the
counter, not even the itching feeling of
presence when someone's close to you. He
was like a ghost.
The way he looked certainly didn't help
in dampening the shock either. He was
tall, well over 6 ft if I had to guess.
He stood with his head bent down toward
me and his hands flat on the counter.
There was not a single hair on his head,
nor face, nor even eyebrows. I could see
the fluorescent light reflecting off his
CQ ball like skull. His skin was pale
and veiny, just just on the verge of
looking translucent. It looked as if
he'd stuck him under a black light. He
would glow. He was dressed in a black
turtleneck, black dress down pants.
Something told me that if I looked down
below the counter, I would see well
taken care of dress shoes with a mirror
shine that equated to that of his head.
The strangest aspect was the expression
that he wore in his face. An unsettling
stiff smile stretched up the corners of
his mouth that he kept his thin lips in
a tight line. Feeling stranger, his eyes
were closed
and tracked me as I got up off the stool
and kept away from the counter far
enough that I could I could feel the
price points of the cigarettes against
my back. Can
Can I help you? My voice cracked as I
spoke and my eyes flicked through the
front window and car was out by the
pumps.
I tried to tell myself that it was just
a part of the late night. The hookers
and vampire craft
stroll maybe at nearly 2:00 a.m. A
minimum of 10 miles from anything else
in either direction.
He tapped his fingers against the
counter and slowly turned his face
towards the pumps before slowly turning
back towards me as if he was looking at
me through his eyelids. He raised a hand
from the counter and pointed down before
slowly shaking his head. No.
Listen, man. You don't want anything.
I'm I'm going to have to ask you to
leave.
I didn't even sound brave to myself, let
alone anyone else. He pressed his
pointed index finger against the counter
and again shook his head. No.
My eyes moved below where he was
pointing, too. I saw the mini bat.
This guy warning me not to go for the
mini bat. Ow. What the [__] The
realization swirled in my head as I
attempted to swallow my heart back down
in my body after its sudden jump to my
throat. He cocked his head to the side
and his smile went crooked for a moment
before he turned his head back to me.
I saw his hand go up towards his face.
Heard something like a hiss of air
preceding a wet crunch in his voice. I
stepped forward to grab the mini bat,
and his other hand shot up from his
side, and his fingers wagged back and
forth as if to say.
Another quick crunch came, followed by
what sounded like spitting, laughing at
the same time. The man quieted himself
and turned back towards me.
That same oddly stretched out smile was
on his face, but blood leaked out of his
closed left eye.
He held up the hand that he had to his
face and the tip of the finger that he
previously pointed down at the mini bat
was now missing. Blood stre down over
his hand and down the sleeve of his
turtleneck. He shook back at the
disgusted sight as he aggressively
knocked everything from my countertop
onto the floor. The look on his face
changed even as various knickknacks
scattered the floor and the register
spilled cash and change out at his feet.
He ran his still intact hand over the
clean white countertop and nodded yes
not to me
but to himself.
Satisfaction with a job well done.
I knew what he was about to do and all I
could do was watch in curious and
horrified silence frozen with my back
against the cigarettes.
It's
here.
The words scrawled crudely by the
mutilated finger more quickly followed.
He took it from us.
The man raised his intact hand again
from another
gesture to signify that taking from them
was probably not a good idea. His left
eye flicked wildly behind his bleeding
eye socket. It looked as if he was
pulsing.
I don't even know who you are. I jumped
in and attempted to defend myself before
I even knew what the [__] was going on.
A pointless effort. The man held up the
intact finger once again and put it to
his lips. And
that stretched smile never changed.
Yet I could somehow hear him sh.
The man lowered the finger and his lips
began to part, revealing that there was
something in his mouth, something large
that appeared to be the cause of his
silence. His eyelids opened as well,
slowly revealing dark voids beyond. My
eyes went again to my mini bed, but
there was there was a wonder if it would
even do any good. Something that looked
like a tongue quickly shot from inside
the darkness of his left eye socket and
cleaned the blood from around it. An
involuntary reaction struck me, causing
me to attempt to climb away on the
cigarette display for a second out of
pure revulsion, a feeling that would
wash over me increasingly. In the coming
moments, his mouth opened, fully,
revealing what he held inside.
A single and massive eye flicked back
and forth between the thin lips and his
eyelids curled upwards in a smile,
revealing small rows of pointed teeth.
Individual tongues licked around the
eyes or mouths like a normal person
would lick their lips. Confusion and
horror froze me into place as I watched
the body of the thing in front of me
twist and contort. I managed to unglue
myself from my spot long enough to make
an attempt for my weapon while it was
still distracted with whatever the hell
it was doing. The hand missing a finger
darted over the counter and grabbed the
small bat before I could reach it. its
arm bending in odd ways and making
horrible breaking and cracking noises as
if defying its own design.
As it swung the bag once in front of me
and then threw it across the store, I
could hear one of the glass cooler doors
shatter.
The eye and the mouth fixated on me as I
stepped back again and watched the rest
of his transformation in horror. Too
scared of how quick it had been to even
try and make any kind of move. It turned
its back to me, but quickly bent its
spine and neck, causing its head to fall
lazily backwards like the neck had been
snapped. Its arm bent oddly, the fingers
twisting and the shoulders rotating so
the elbows bent the wrong way became
more like the right way.
Its remaining fingers found per purchase
on the counter. The split began to form
at the top of its head. The top now
facing down towards the counter and
thick soupy liquid with the dark red
color of blood began to leak out. The
mouths laughed as the crack got longer
and wider, splitting them apart and
stopping just short of the smiling eye.
White points began to jut out of the
edges of the seam like small teeth and a
large tongue lulled out, lapping itself
against the counter as the two small
mouths alternated between hissing and
giggling. It lurched forward and
scrambled over the counter, its legs
seeming to come ahead of its arms. Out
of instinct, I dodged out of the way of
the horror now coming at me. I smashed
full force into the display of
cigarettes, sending unopened packs
sprawling across the floor. As it
scrambled to get back into its odd
crablike walk position, I darted forward
and leapt over the counter to make for
the door. It managed to turn just in
time to catch my foot with its
mandibbled hand and tripped me up. I
slammed down onto the other side of the
counter and smashed my shoulder on the
floor. As I attempted to recover myself,
the thing crawled over the counter,
getting between me and the door,
blocking my route of escape. I slid
backwards on my ass across the down of
one of the aisles towards the coolers in
the back, hoping that I could find the
mini bat. I worried that if I took the
time to get to my feet, the thing would
pounce forward again. But as it slid
backward, it instead stalked me. The
huge cyclopian eye mouth watching me
intensely. The tiny cruelmouth eyes
chattering and hissing, and the wicked
tongue flailing back and forth from the
center of its face.
It jumped up on the shelves, crawling
across them like an insect, keeping slow
pace with me as my back moved ever
steadily towards the cooler behind me,
filled with tall boys and malt liquor. I
could hear it laughing. It was toying
with me, relishing in my fear as it
defied logic with its movement and
existence in general. I slid out of the
aisle to see the broken cooler. sodas
spilled all over the floor and the mini
bat lying among them. It was an aisle
away and I knew I was going to need to
get to my feet to make it over there. I
looked back to the thing as it moved
towards me, still crawling over the
shelves like a spider moving through its
web towards a fly. Suddenly, its hand
gripped at a shelf that I knew very
well. A shelf filled with paper towels
and plates because it couldn't hold much
weight. As it shifted its weight, the
shelf came free, and the creature, which
had been displaying a disturbing grace,
suddenly fell sprawling onto the floor
with the contents of the shelf spilling
down on its deformed body. I sprung to
my feet without thinking and tipped the
whole damn shelf over onto it as it
attempted to flail itself back to its
feet. The heavy unit came down with a
thud on its body, trapping it. I could
hear it screaming and the tiny mouth
shouting what sounded like curses in
some language that I couldn't
understand. It pushed itself up against
the weight, now pinning its body to the
floor. I dove towards the mini bat and
snatched it up from a cold pool of soda.
The thing had pulled its body halfway
free as I ran back over to it and
brought my tiny Mountain Dew soaked club
down on its arm. It howled in what I
could only assume was more pain than
anger and reached out for my leg. I
stepped back and brought the bat down
repeatedly, two more times onto its arm
and then two more times onto that
hideous head. The seam widened and more
of that viscous bloodlike liquid leaked
out onto the floor. I could see tiny
teeth fly out from the small mouth and
eyes and the skull cracked. And finally,
with one more brutal blow, the eye mouth
popped like a balloon, and a pus-like
liquid squirted out over the floor and
and mingled with the soda dripping from
the bat in the oil like blood.
The thing fell still.
I poked it a couple of times with the
bat, wondering if I should hit it again,
and just or just run out of the store.
It didn't move. And judging from the
chunks of brain matter and skull
scattered over the floor, I decided it
was dead.
I stepped over its body and around the
knocked over shelves on my way out to
the counter. I needed to call somebody.
The shoe police, maybe.
What would I even say?
It was as I crossed in front of the
store's front window that I noticed
them.
standing beneath the harsh neons of the
sign outside and back lit by the
fluorescent that hung over the pub.
There was at least a dozen of them
standing perfectly still like statues
outside. The lights gleamed off their
bald heads. Each of them was dressed the
same as the thing I just killed.
Their eyes were closed, their pale, thin
lips were pulled tightly closed that
same half smile.
The closest one stepped forward and
opened the door, and the rest followed
closely behind.
I gripped the mini bat tightly in my
fist, feeling the blood of the one that
I'd killed drip down over my knuckles as
I backed away. They funneled towards the
door in a wedged pattern. The leader
walking steadily closer to me, his eye
mouth open to reveal a black iris, a
pupil shifting between his lips for a
few seconds before it looked over
towards its fallen double. I backed
away, my feet kicking the change and
bills from the fallen cash register out
of the way. As I moved, the thing kept
pace. The other ones behind it were now
opening their eyes and their small
mouths began to whisper and laugh. Come
on then. I found myself screaming at
them now so certain that I was going to
die that some kind of bizarre calm that
replaced my fear was transitioning into
bravery. I'll [__] you all up. Who's
first? Huh?
One of them broke off from the back and
walked towards the fallen one that left
the shelves of its body. The ones still
approaching who began to split from the
top of their heads, their seams opening
to reveal their long pointed tongues.
The ones in the back began to twist and
contort into their more unnatural
spiderlike forms as the leader walked
through the change at his feet
and suddenly
it raised its hand and they all snapped
back into their mock human forms in an
instant
as if their transformation was on a
rubber band and they had just pulled
them back in place. I stood there
holding the bat out in front of me as if
that it would keep them from lunging
forward and tearing me to shreds.
They they didn't leap forward though.
They they stopped dead in their tracks.
In fact, all but the two who had lifted
the shell from their dead.
They were now carrying the limp twisted
corpse back towards the door.
The one in the lead knelt down amongst
the money swelled at his feet, began to
pick from the coins of his slender pale
fingers, tossed them aside one by one
until it found what he was looking for.
He picked up a quarter from the pile
and held it up to the black eye behind
its lips as if studying it.
Out of curious instinct, I lowered the
bat and leaned forward to see that the
small silver coin was not a quarter. In
fact, it was like it was like nothing
I'd ever seen. It shimmerred with
different colors as it turned in the
light.
Purple, green, red, and blue.
All a matter of a single twist of the
wrist. The thing closed its massive eye
back into an unassuming tight lipped
smile. Seemingly satisfied with his
examination,
it dropped the prism coin into its palm
and closed a fist around it before
standing back up.
The others behind it began to shuffle
out the door behind.
And all I could do is stand there
puzzled at what the [__] was happening.
The others had nearly all left the store
when the leader turned its back to me
and walked over to the counter, pointing
down towards what the first one had
written.
It's here.
He took it from us.
Change the man had given me.
It clicked in my mind. I hadn't even
bothered to count it. I just dropped it
into the register without looking at it.
Whatever he'd stolen from these things,
he'd given it to me
to throw them off his trail to hide it.
to [__] with me. Didn't really matter.
It found what they were looking for. It
pointed its other finger towards the
mess from where I'd killed the first one
that arrived. And I could see it shaking
its head. Yes.
In approval,
and set the coin on the table for a
moment without turning to face me. It
gave a slow, soft round of applause.
The [__] thing was clapping for me
because I killed one guy.
He picked the coin back up and walked
out the door during the other.
I stood there confused and terrified as
I watched
the bald, twisted creatures walk out
past the edge of the gas station lights
and into the darkness.
I stood there then
and long after
Heat. Heat.
urprise for you, Jimbo. My father, the
inventor in plaid, stood in the middle
of the living room with a blocky object
hidden beneath the bed sheet. It was the
spring of 1981.
My mother and I had just come back from
the park. What is it? Guess his hands
tightened over the cloth. Whatever the
surprise was, he was excited to reveal
it. A gentle whur and a beep came from
the new bed sheet. A skeptical smile
spread across my mother's face. Brian,
you didn't build a Don't spoil it. Cut
her off. Let him guess. Come on, Jumbo.
What do you think the surprise is? The
mysterious object let out a series of
beeps. Weight shifted beneath the bed
sheets. I didn't have the faintest idea
of what it could be, but I also knew my
father well enough to know if he could
move unless I made a guess.
A washing machine, I guess. They both
laughed. Over the following years, my
guess would be carved into family
history through funny dinner party
anecdotes. It's not a washing machine,
Jimbo, my father finally said. It's
something much better than a washing
machine.
You didn't actually build it, did you?
my mother asked in amused disbelief.
"Hun, if you didn't want a husband who
builds things, you shouldn't have
married an inventor," he said with pride
in his voice and then turned to me.
"Jimbo, let me introduce you to your new
friend, Zorbo." He ripped off the cloth
covering the bulky thing in our living
room. A pair of flashlight eyes stared
back at me from a rectangular metal
skull. knobs and dials stuck out of the
robot's stainless steel chest like
metals from some intergalactic war. Its
arms hung on tubing that seemed to have
come straight from a vacuum cleaner, but
its hands were made of sleek shapes that
suggested top secret military
technology.
"Hello, friend. I am Zorbbo," the robot
said, its voice strained through
lifeless circuitry. "Would you like to
play catch with me?"
I was an only child and by extension a
lonely child. For years, I had begged my
parents for a younger brother or sister.
But that medication that my mother was
taking made the idea of another
pregnancy far too dangerous. That
winter, I shifted my pleas of company
over to a puppy, and my parents obliged.
But within 3 hours of finding my new
friend beneath the Christmas tree,
I ended up in the emergency room.
Turns out I was deathly allergic to
dogs.
With his son unable to find
companionship, my father attempted to
help the only way he knew how.
By inventing me a friend. The heap of
sentient metal terrified me. It was
something about the sluggish way that
Zorbbo's eyes scanned the room that made
me feel quessentially unsafe. Then I
knew that if I rejected my father's
gift, I'd break the man's heart. After
the initial fear of the robot passed,
our little family went outside and
played catch with Zorbo.
Soon enough, word about Zorbbo got
around to the neighborhood. You could
have made an 80s sitcom about us. We
were the family living in suburbia with
a zany robot. Except Zorbo wasn't very
zany. At first, he was the equivalent of
a particularly friendly Roomba who could
throw around a baseball. But as time
went on and as my mother got sicker,
Zorbo's skill set expanded.
Every night, as I lay awake, terrified
of the lifeless machine that lived with
us, I could see the lights of my
father's workshop burning in the
darkness of our backyard.
Within months, Zorbo could cook and
clean and mow the lawn. Every chore that
the robot was able to do gave my mother
more time to rest and gave my father and
me more time to spend with her.
But that time was
limited.
As she lay on that hospital bed, getting
out the few final words that her disease
riddled body could muster, Zorbbo was
there as me and my father wept and
assured my mother that she lived a truly
beautiful life.
The robot stood in the corner of the
room, his flashlight eyes scanning his
surroundings.
He listened to her last words.
We internalized them deep into a
circuitry.
For a year, the house was a place of
inescapable sadness.
Every room, every dish, every tiny bit
of existence reminded us of the woman
who was whisked away by a clump of rogue
cells.
Even though we were in a state of deep
mourning, the house was immaculate and
our stomachs were full. As we tried to
make sense of the new world we were
living in, Zorbo the robot was there to
take care of us. The memory of my mother
never faded. Decades later, a day seldom
goes by when I don't think of her. But
as time passed, the daily souls
shattering sadness turned into quiet
melancholy.
Life carried on. My father went back to
work for the military. I started grade
school. People moved in and out of the
neighborhood. And eventually
the life we once lived as a family
became a memory.
The only thing that remained constant
was Zoro.
It was always there making sure that we
were comfortable, serving us, and
providing an emotional crutch when we
needed.
That all changed in the summer of 1989.
The summer
of the lawnmower.
Cindy, the daughter of the new neighbor
across the street, was sitting with me
at the living room table, outlining a
five paragraph essay on the effects of
the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia. I
was trying to do the same, but my
hormone adultled mind refused to think
about Soviet tanks or the crushing of
democracy. All I could think about was
Cindy.
It was the last week of school and I was
hopelessly in love.
Hey, how do you spell
Breet?
All these Soviet names kind of give me a
headache, she asked, leading over to my
near empty paper. I tried to spell out
the name, but the angelic smell of her
conditioner made it difficult to
concentrate.
Zorbo, I finally said, giving up on
impressing Cindy with my spelling
skills. How do you spell Brev?
Thank you for asking, friend.
The robot's flashlight eyes spun around
in a half circle before he gave his
reply.
Leonid Brezn, leader of the Soviet Union
between 1964 and 1982.
L E O N I D. B R E Z H N P E V.
Thank you, Zorbo, Cindy said. You are
welcome, friend. Zorbo replied. Would
you like more spelling help?
No thank you, Zorbo," I mumbled. Cindy
thought the robot was really neat. And
even though my metal house guests still
made me uncomfortable, I was starting to
embrace the benefits of having a
sentient machine full of knowledge
woring around the house.
"Don't talk too much about the Soviets
with Zorbo kids. Things might get
personal," my father said, emerging from
the kitchen with a sandwich so precisely
cut that it could only come from a
machine. He's part Russian. I mean, most
of his circuitry is Japanese, but our
metal friend here might still get a bit
offended if you don't tow the Kremlin
political line. Cindy laughed and was
like a symphony of angels enjoying a
wholesome joke. I'll be sure to keep the
polit,
she said. Polit? My father was
impressed. Smart one right here, Jimbo.
Hold on to her. She could teach you a
thing or two.
I wanted to hold on to her. Thank God
how I wanted to hold on to her. I wanted
to surrender myself to the teen goddess
and scream my undying love for Cindy
through my crackling vocal cords,
but instead
I just blushed.
My father stifled a grin and changed the
topic. By the way, Cindy Senior pops my
regards about the new lawn mower. Beauty
of machine he's got there. If we didn't
have Zorbo here cutting the grass, I'd
beounding him for the name of the
salesman.
Her father gave Zorbbo a friendly pat on
the tubular arm and then turned to me.
Seen the neighbor's lawn mower yet,
Jimbo.
I shook my head.
He's a be. He kissed the tip of his
fingers like an Italian chef on TV.
Essay's just about done. Thanks for the
spelling help, Zorbo. You are welcome,
Bren.
I left my unfinished essay behind and
followed Cindy to the edge of my front
lawn. I had hoped that at some point
during the 30 secondond walk, a burst of
bravery would manifest in my chest and I
would tell her how I felt,
but it didn't. It never did. I just
stood behind our white picket fence,
watching my one true love skip across
the street. "Hey, Jim," Cindy's dad
yelled as he mowed his lawn. "See hi to
your old man for me, will you?" "Sure
thing, Mr. Clark," I yelled back. Also,
my dad sends his compliments about your
lawn mower. Mr. Clark's old machine was
a rustling, gasg guzzling beast.
Whenever his lawn was getting a trim,
the entire neighborhood would be alerted
to the groundskeeping with a jagged
metallic screech. But that was no longer
the case. The new lawn mower was a tool
of sleek metallic shapes and blinking
lights that let out nothing but a soft
hum as it cut through the grass.
"Thanks, Jim. She's a be, ain't she?"
Cindy's dad said before returning to the
mowing. I never inherited the
fascination with the machines that my
father had, but watching that machine
work away at the greenery, I couldn't
help but recognize a hint of hypnotizing
aesthetic.
Looking at the calculated metallic body
of the machine made me feel like I was
living in the 21st century.
The future had arrived in suburbia.
"Hello, friend." An inhuman voice next
to me said, "What is that?"
That's uh the lawn mower, I replied,
uncomfortable at the idea of how quietly
Zorbo could move when he wanted to. Lawn
mower, Zorbo said with an unusual
softness in his jagged speech. Beautiful
lawn mower.
My father seldom cooked. But when he
did, he would deliver a symphony of
spices that would make you eat yourself
into a food coma. Even Zorvo, with all
of his circuitry and mechanical
precision, couldn't replicate the
mouthwatering flavor of my father's
bolognese. Yet, as delicious as dinner
was that night, I couldn't bring myself
to enjoy the spaghetti. Instead of
letting my mind drift away on the gentle
notes of paprika, I was tied down to
reality by my frustrated teenage heart.
"So," he said. "Is Cindy seeing
someone?" "No," I replied. I don't think
so. At least. He swallowed another fork
full of pasta. And then, with his mouth
still full, as if it was a matter of no
importance, he asked the question that
had been festering in the back of my
head for the past 3 months. You want to
ask?
The butterflies in my stomach informed
me that I wouldn't be eating anymore for
that night. I don't know, I said. Scared
she'll say no. Oh, it doesn't matter,
Jimbo. You're 14, my father told me. And
she says, "No,
you just won't remember in a couple of
years. But you will remember forever."
Is not asking.
I was a teen. My perception of time
barely reached past the end of summer
break. Yet for a split second, I
imagined myself at 40, a hairline
thinning like my dad's eating spaghetti
with a child of my own.
"But I'm nervous." "What if she says
no?" I finally asked. "You'll survive,"
he said. "I was nervous when I first
asked out your mom, and it worked out
fine."
He smiled as he said it.
But as soon as he mentioned her, his
eyes didn't.
It had been years since she had passed.
Certain memories stay as sharp as the
day that they were forged.
We were sitting in the living room
eating spicy spaghetti.
Really?
We were both back in that hospital room,
sitting by the frail body of the woman
who once made my father nervous.
"Where's Zorbo?"
He brought the conversation back to
reality. "Zorbo, where are you?"
At dinner time, Zorbo would usually be
in the kitchen, apparently worrying to
himself, waiting for dishes to wash up.
But that night, the robot wasn't
anywhere to be found. We searched all
across the house, but our electronic
servant was gone.
It wasn't until a chance glance out of
the window
that I saw him.
The moon softly reflected off his
metallic body. His flashlight eyes
hovered beams of red into the night.
Zorbo was staring at Cindy's house.
Beautiful blonde blower.
His voice was different. It was as if a
roughness had been chipped away as if
somewhere within his wiry viscera. A
hint of emotion existed.
Beautiful long.
There was a trace of longing in his
voice. Huh? My father said looked like
someone's blown a fuse. Come here, Zoro.
We'll take you into the garage. Figure
out what's up.
But the robot refused to budge. It
wasn't until my father pulled his tube
arm around towards the workshop that
Zorbo relented and started to move. But
even as Zoro's blinking body moved away
from the street, his head remained
turned. "Those flashlights through which
he took in the outside world were aimed
straight at Cindy's house."
"Lav is the only thing that matters,"
Zobo said.
My father froze. The gentle note of
humanity in Zoro's voice sent a bolt of
discomfort to my spine.
You recognize those words. "Beautiful
lawn mower," Zoro said again, his
artificiality returning. "My father's
face slowly regained its smile."
"Beautiful lawnmower indeed, buddy.
Let's get your circuitry checked out."
There was enough pain medication in her
to tear away most of her personality.
But somewhere in that bony woman, there
was
a semblance of my mother.
We sat with her for the last two days of
her life, trying to say all the things
we would regret not saying and assuring
her of what a beautiful life she had
lived.
Whenever she would sleep, I would go
make my acquaintance with the soda
machine and stroll around the hospital
looking for people who had it worse than
me.
My father talked extensively to whoever
would listen about the machines that his
wife was hooked up to. Zorbbo stood
still in the back of the room.
He never moved an inch until the hour
when she died.
It was as if
as if he could tell the life was seeping
out of her. As if the machines that were
keeping her alive had told him that she
was moving on. As if.
As we listened to my mother's final
attempts speaking,
Zorbo slid in behind us.
We stood vigil as a family.
"Love is the only thing that matters,"
she said.
Zorbo softly worried next to us
that she died.
That night, I sat with the memories and
I tried to make sense of everything.
I saw my mom again.
I felt that heat in my chest when I
thought about Cindy. I could imagine
myself as a
regretful, balding 40-year-old.
Love is all that matters.
Outside, my father tinkered away in the
garage, trying to wipe Zorbo's circuits
of the notion of love. But
in my bedroom,
a fire of teenage passion was burning.
I fell asleep trying to compose a
monologue that would make Cindy swoon.
"Hey, were we meant to write a summary
of the chapter or just until page 48?"
she asked.
I had no idea what she was talking
about. All I knew was that we were
sitting in our living room and I was
about to tell her, "I really like you."
I blurted out like as as a as a person,
Cindy, I think you're pretty cool,
but also
like I like you as like a romantic
partner. Like I I think you're I like I
think you're cute and I I think about
you all the time. I like you. I'm sorry.
It came out of me like a rushing
waterfall, but my face felt like it was
the surface of the sun. Her confused
look turned up the heat. Uh, her eyes
kept on fluttering. For a split second,
she looked like Zorbo.
If you ever asked him what time it was.
I um I'm sorry, too, because um I like
you as a friend, but
yeah. No.
I stared down at my textbook.
Leonid Brezn was glaring up at me from
the page.
"I should go," she whispered.
"I'll walk you out," I said, immediately
biting into my cheek.
The walk to the edge of my yard couldn't
have taken longer than 30 seconds, but
as we quietly made our way out of the
house, I aged a decade.
My mind was wholly consumed by the sting
of rejection, the tragedy of it, the
unfairness of it. I was a little boy
getting an allergic reaction to a
Christmas puppy again, but this time
instead of a rash on my skin, there was
a rash on my heart. I walked past Zorbbo
without looking at him. From the worring
of his hand blades, I presumed that he
was just mowing the lawn.
She didn't say anything. Cindy just
walked across the street. past her front
door without a single glance.
Sure, she apologized a week later. Then
a couple of months down the line, I was
aruck with someone else in that searing
moment.
My world was on fire.
Beautiful lawn mower, Zo said.
Soil clung to his metallic body. The
blades that extended from his hands tore
into the ground, shooting bits of earth
sprawling across the sidewalk. He stared
across the street with that same longing
I had in my soul. Love is the only thing
that matters.
Yeah, I said as I shuffled off to my
room to mope.
My father found his Orbo shortly before
the sunset. He walked out, calling to
the robot about the dirty dishes, the
ones that had gathered in the sink. But
as soon as my father saw his creation
digging into the ground, his tone
changed. He spoke to him in calm,
soothing words. The robot had been
working like precise clockwork since the
day that he was constructed. My father
was worried to see his creation descend
into glitchful madness.
I knew I should have told him as soon as
I found the malfunctioning robot. But
there was more pressing things on my
mind. As my father rolled Zorbo into his
workshop, my love for Cindy consumed me.
The life we could have had if I had just
waited. If I had phrased my confession
of love differently. Snapshots of an
alternate reality burned in my mind like
an angry film roll.
The visions in my head grew sharper. I
didn't just get rejected by some teenage
girl. I got rejected by my future wife.
Images of me proposing, of us having our
first child, of me sitting by her
hospital bed and she died of old age.
They squirmed through my mind
accompanied by a booming replay of a
couple dozen words with which I wiped
them from the future.
I was 100% sure I had reached my first
lifelong regret.
I writhed with mental discomfort until I
couldn't be alone. The lights were on in
my father's workshop.
"Dad," I asked, standing by the door.
"Oh, hey, Jimbo. Sorry. Going to skip
dinner tonight. Think there should still
be some bolognese in the fridge,
though," he said, not looking away from
his work. My father's workshop was
always a mess of electronics and
scattered tools. But that night, all
other projects were cleared away to make
room for Zorbbo. Our robotic family
member lay on a wooden table, his sleek
metal skin removed, revealing a chaotic
mess of wires and computer chips. "Was
Zorbo acting different when you came
back from school?" he asked while
digging out a stack of microchips from
behind the robot's eyes with a
screwdriver. "Yeah, he um
he was digging a hole in the front yard.
Well, all right. Well, my father buried
the frustration in his voice with a
sigh. Next time you see him doing
something weird, please tell me. All
right, Jim. Zorbo's inner workings are
very fragile. If something's wrong, it
needs to be fixed. I don't want to lose
him to some loose wiring.
Sorry, Dad.
He mumbled something and went back to
tinkering with the robot's skull.
I was going to leave him to his work,
but the sadness in my chest was far too
potent for me to be alone. I knew I
needed to talk to someone.
So, I uh
I asked Cindy out.
As soon as the words left my mouth, his
hand stopped moving.
I didn't have to say anything. As soon
as he turned around, he could tell.
Before I knew it, I was wrapped up in a
bear hug with my eyes growing wet. It's
going to be okay, Jimbo. There'll be
plenty of others. Proud of you. Out of
me, of course. Put yourself out there,
and that's the most important thing.
Love is the only thing that matters.
Wires were hanging off of his raw body.
His flashlight eyes spun around the
room, searching for an exit. Zorbo was
getting off the table and moving towards
the door. Beautiful lawn mower. He
garbled through a partially dismantled
voice box. Zoro, my father let go of me
and walked up to the staggering mass of
electronics. Where you going, Zorbo?
Love is the only thing that matters,
Zoro said, shuffling his way past my
father. Beautiful lawn mower. Nah, no,
Zobo, my father said, grabbing Zorbo's
arm slightly above the mudcake blades. I
think you need to lie down for a bit.
There's something wrong with you. And
beautiful lawn mower, Zorbo boomed as he
ripped free of my father's grip. Love is
the only thing that matters.
He continued walking out of the garage,
each step filled with crackling
defiance. "Zorbo, you stop right this
instant," my father yelled in a tone
that was only familiar to me from early
childhood. "If you keep behaving like
this, I will shut you off." The robot's
body froze midstep.
He didn't turn around,
but his head did. "You want to stop
doorbell from life?"
My father gently pushed me aside,
placing me away from the disobedient
robot. "Dorbo," he said, his voice
growing cold. "Come back here and lie
down on the table."
The beams of light focused on my father.
The wiring on Zorbo's body twisted and
turned until they were face to face. The
blades on his hand started to spin.
You want to stop Zorbal from lock?
His voice was lower in volume.
He was almost drowned out by the sharp
worring of the mudcovered knives.
Goodbye, friend.
Zobo's tubular arm came down like a
karate chop on my father's shoulder. Hot
blood spattered all over my face. Pain
screams filled my ears. The blade cut
through my father's skin like butter. I
could hear the cracking of bones
breaking through my father's throat.
tearing agony. I could hear a single
word come through. Run.
He wanted his only child to get away
from a manic robot that was sawing at
his arm. He wanted me to survive,
but I couldn't move an inch. I just
stood there pressed up against the tool
cabinet, watching my father be murdered
by a robot.
I could see myself running across the
street to Cindy's house. I could see
myself trying to explain to a police
officer that an unhinged robot killed my
father. I could see myself standing at
my father's funeral, watching the dirt
over his casket solidify my status as an
orphan.
But I would never actually see my
father's funeral.
Instead, I felt the cold steel of a
monkey wrench in my hand. If I summon a
battlecry from the depths of my lungs,
if I let my father die at the hands of a
robot, I would regret it for the rest of
my life. The adrenaline coursed through
my veins and gave reality a jagged edge.
Everything moved with breakneck speed.
But each time that the blunt object made
contact with Zorbbo's wiry brain, time
dissolved into a short-lived eternity.
Zorbbo's intricately woven mind was
reduced into a mess of cables. Soon
enough, my wrench made contact with the
floor of the garage.
Sorbo was dead.
Everything after that is a blur. I
remember stumbling out into the street
covered in blood, barely able to muster
up more strength to yell for help. I
remember Mr. Clark holding down a torn
shirt over the geyser of blood that was
streaming out of my father's shoulder. I
remember sitting in the back of an
ambulance watching my father linger on
the edge of life.
For two days, I survived on
diet of pop and chocolate from the
familiar vending machine.
He lost a lot of blood. Even at 14, I
could sense that the doctors were
preparing me for the worst.
But miraculously,
on the third day, I was allowed to see
my dad.
He was weak. Desperately weak, but he
was alive. All it cost him was his arm.
He spent the entire summer in a state of
exhausted shock from his creation
turning on him. By the time the fall
leaves filled our yard, he was outside
with a rake, cracking jokes. By
Christmas, he had a brand new metallic
arm courtesy of his workbench. By New
Year's, he was washing dishes. Mr. Clark
was more than happy to give him the
number of a lawn mower salesman.
Life carries on.
I graduated high school, moved out of
state for university, and then continued
moving every couple of years, depending
on where my job took me.
I had my fair share of rejection and
breakups, but no heartache ever reached
the mythological proportion of the
rejection of 89.
If all that said and done,
my father was right.
Knowing that I asked and got shut down
was considerably easier to living with
having to wonder what could have been.
I grew into an adult and my father
shrunk into an old man.
He continued to do work with the army
well into old age. But as time went on,
he was phased out by younger minds who
were more in touch with modern tech.
In retirement, my father continued to
tinker with electronics and build
himself contraptions to help him with
tasks that old age made difficult.
Eventually,
as tremors set into his human hand and
age chipped away at his human brain,
he stopped coming into his workshop.
I found myself thinking about his
funeral again,
but this time it wasn't just a panicked
snapshot forced into my head by a
frenzied robot servant. This time I knew
that somewhere down the line I would be
standing in a church
trying to summarize what the man meant
to me in a speech to his old co-workers
and the family I hadn't seen in years.
I never did. I never saw my father's
funeral.
The fact that I belong to a whole
generation of people who were robbed of
a funeral makes the pain
sting less.
There were plenty of other children of
the 80s who lost their parents during
the pandemic of 2020, who didn't have
weekly Skype calls with their father,
who had unresolved issues, who had
fallen out of touch. But
knowing that I'm not the only one who
lost a parent during the Corona
outbreak,
it only lessened the pain slightly.
The thought of him dying alone,
feverish.
I have to do a respirator he he could
have built in his workshop
still cuts into my heart with fiery
force.
By the time I was able to travel back to
my hometown, the house had been empty
for months.
I walked through the rooms and I wept as
the memories washed over me even though
I was filled with sorrow.
There was catharsis to it all.
The two people who brought me into the
world were gone, but they gave me the
tools to survive in it. They shaped the
person who mourned them.
Each room was filled with evidence that
I was loved. And I have it on good
authority that love is important.
But my father's workshop was different.
When I turned on the light, I wasn't
reminded of the afternoon I spent
keeping my father company while he
worked on his projects or of all the
toys that my father built when I was a
kid. Now, there was
there was no memories at all.
All I could focus on was the object
hidden beneath a bed sheet in the center
of the room.
A part of me wanted to turn around and
leave whatever my father's final project
was a mystery. But I knew
I knew myself well enough to know that
the question of what was hidden beneath
the bed sheet would still sleep away
from me forever.
I grip my hand around the cloth
and I pulled.
It was the same lawn mower that Mr.
Clark had back in the 80s.
Its over-the-top impression of the
future seemed nearly comical by modern
standards, but
there was something attached to its
sleek metallic frame that chilled me to
my middle-aged core.
Two red flashlights,
focused on me.
Love is the most important thing.
Zo's voice box whispered out of the core
of the machine. Beautiful
long mo
When I was young, I had the worst luck
making friends. Not for the regular
reasons. I wasn't much different than
the other kids in my neighborhood. And I
wasn't too weird, or at least I wasn't
back then. I was actually pretty normal
until that one Halloween night when my
luck changed. For my costume that year,
I wore a box wrapped in tin foil. There
were blinking lights and buttons glued
on the front, and I'd cut two holes for
my arms, which were covered in those
flexible dryer vents. With a colander
strapped to my head and a plastic laser
gun, I was a serious robot death
machine.
Humans beware.
My mother took pictures, then followed
me out onto the street as I began making
my rounds. Everything went fine until we
reached Mr. Okonnell's house. Like us,
Mr. Okonnell was new in town. I still
picture him as old, but he was probably
only middle-aged.
He must have been rich, too, because he
was handing out fistfuls of fullsized
candy bars. And
news spread quickly that his house was
the place to go. And when I got there
and spoke the magic words, he handed
over the goods, but he didn't look very
cheerful about it. For someone giving
away full-size candy bars, he seemed
grumpy, as if Halloween was a big
hassle.
Once I tilted my colander back and
thanked him, his eyes went wide.
I remember his mouth hung open for a
moment.
He shook himself and his face lit up
with a big smile at me. "You're very
welcome," he said.
He must have turned off his porch light
immediately after we left because mom
soon noticed him stalking us. He kept
his distance, but it was pretty obvious
he was skulking around behind trees and
bushes and fences.
Mom finally got fed up. She told me to
stay put while she walked back to
confront him. I couldn't make out her
words, but her low, angry voice made Mr.
Okonnell wait, kept shaking his head and
apologizing until I saw him pull out his
wallet and flip it open to show her a
photograph.
Mom's hand flew to her mouth.
She touched his arm and
Mr. Okonnell came over to kneel down
beside me
now. His smile was a sad one.
"You look just like my son," he said.
He pressed another chocolate bar into my
hand, whispering something, and made me
promise not to tell my mother.
I was a good boy. I did what he told me.
He said I'd be a lucky robot if I kept
quiet and ate that one special chocolate
bar before any of the other candy that
he had given me.
And aside from a minor stomach ache,
I guess I was.
But after that night,
my luck wasn't so great at making
friends.
Because after that night,
there weren't many other kids left in
our neighborhood.
a ghost and machine.
That phrase always fascinated me, mostly
because I could never understand what it
truly meant.
When I was younger, I thought it had
something to do with a haunted computer.
And while that is still an interesting
concept,
I don't quite think that's what we're
dealing with here. Consciousness is a
distinct entity from the physical body.
Both connected in some ambiguous manner
that we haven't quite figured out yet.
So, is the human mind just a ghost
pervading a biological machine?
Does that mean that ghosts are real?
Sorry if this train of thought seems to
have derailed. I'm trying my best here.
I just I'm having trouble comprehending
what's just happened.
At the moment, I was looking for
something fun to do. I've always tried
my best not to make a name for myself
whenever I make my excursion into the
forbidden cyerspace. So, I couldn't get
too crazy. Trust me, you don't want
that. I suppose that I was just looking
for something to read. You know,
possibly some conspiracy theories that
were backed up by tangible evidence, but
I found something else.
Something a lot more intriguing. I was
on a forum that was a hot spot for
cyberpunk buffs. It was a place where
geeks got together and shared
developments of each tech industry that
span the globe. I know there's a lot of
these on the surface web, but this one
was also frequented by hackers. Hackers
who like to break into corporate systems
in order to steal knowledge. Can't find
a subreddit for that. There was one
discussion thread that caught my eye
immediately. Found an experimental AI.
Now, I'm no expert in technical jargon,
but I'll try my best to explain what
this was all about. So, these artificial
intelligences referred to as EGs, an
abbreviation for extracted doses. The
hacker who had found this explained it
in far more explicit detail, but he lost
me after a few sentences.
I knew how to code, sure, but this this
far exceeded the scope of what I would
have been able to understand.
Something that even the hacker found
relatively strange was the fact that
he'd never heard about the company that
created this thing before. It appeared
to be some kind of startup situation in
southern Germany. It went by the name of
NT. Didn't know what it stood for. He
simply looked through the code and found
it worthwhile enough to share. He put up
a link for us to download it. To my
surprise, it was an Android mobile app.
I assumed that he probably just found a
prototype in the early stages beta
testing. I knew that this link probably
wasn't the safest thing ever. That's why
I dug around and found an old,
never-before used phone that had been
lying around. It was still a reasonably
new Samsung model, but I wasn't too
afraid of losing it. I plugged it in and
began the download.
The download itself was rather tedious.
I had to restart the phone about three
times, and the overall process took an
hour and a half. In fact, it was so big
that I essentially had to delete every
pre-existing file. But in the end, I
ultimately managed to do it. There was
now another app on the device. The name
was just a string of letters and
numbers, but the icon was simply white.
Prototype indeed, I thought to myself. I
opened it up, eager to see what this
would lead to.
The opening screen was what appeared to
be a language selection. Cantonese,
Mandarin, Japanese, Korean, English,
Spanish, French, and German. Of course,
I clicked on English. Once I did that,
it took me to a loading screen. As the
bar crept higher and higher, I could see
what I assumed to be a code flashing
across the screen in internals.
Obviously, I was expecting there to be
bugs, so this wasn't really a cause for
concern. It fully booted up about 5
minutes later. The background was almost
completely empty, save for a few icons,
a camera symbol, an audio symbol, and
what appeared to be a box to type into.
A message also appeared onto the screen.
Hello, my name is Lane. I chuckled. That
was cute. And contemplated what to
respond with before deciding to go with
something simple. Hello, Lane. What do
you do?
It only took a few seconds for another
message to pop up. I am here to assist
you in extreme situations.
Interesting to say the least. What do
you mean by that? Situations where the
possibility of death or injury are
present.
Must be some kind of mobile game. I
thought to myself, how early in
development was it? It only seemed to be
text based so far. So, in any case, I
decided to keep on humoring it. How are
you supposed to do that? This time the
response took a little longer.
Insert headphones, then press the camera
icon. As long as I have visible access
to your surrounding, I will be able to
help you. Just listen to what I say.
Now, these instructions were still
extremely vague. I couldn't really think
of a situation where I'd be able to use
it, so I just pushed it into the back of
my head for the time being. It was
Saturday night and I wanted to get
wasted. Before going out, I brought the
phone with me just in case, you know.
The night went on as you expected,
paying too much for drinks to the bar,
almost taking the girl home, but falling
short when I realized I didn't have
enough money for the cab, I decided to
take the train home instead.
I was sitting there, drunk out of my
mind, preparing myself for what was
surely going to be a dull trip home. It
only took me a few moments to realize
that my night might not end up going so
well. The train was nearly empty, save
for a few tipsy college kids sitting at
the other end. However, there were two
people sitting right across from me,
faces both obscured by their hoods.
They've been intermittently glancing at
me ever since I got onto the train. Now,
I was I was never one to judge, but I
was also a cheap bastard. I wasn't down
to have my [__] jacked. Things got worse
when the college kids got off at the
next stop. These guys were starting to
look antsy.
It's not like anything was guaranteed to
happen here. I can only make an
assumption, but sometimes assumptions
need to be made. I remember the AI's
message. Situations with the possibility
of death or injury are present.
This must fit under that category,
right? Trying to be as casual as
possible, I pulled out the phone. I
opened the app. I put my headphones in
and I opened the camera icon. As soon as
I did this, another message popped up.
They will try to rob you within the next
1 minute. My heart jumped. Jeez, really?
My thumbs slid all over the screen as I
made an attempt to respond, but that
didn't turn out to be necessary. Please
relax. Press the audio icon. Put me in a
position where I can see everything and
I'll figure out the rest.
I simply did as I was told. Luckily, I'd
worn a plaid shirt with a breast pocket
that was just deep enough so the camera
it was not obscured as I slid it in.
However,
as soon as I did this, the two men got
up. Are you recording us? one of them
asked in an overly agitated tone. I'd
only bet in two fights in my life, and I
had lost both of them. I I babbled out
some incoherent [__] before I heard
a voice come through my headphones. It
was jarring. It wasn't the generic
mechanicalized voice that you could just
tell were pre-recorded syllables that
had been spliced together. It was real.
It sounded like a real person with real
tone, real inflections in her voice. It
sounded like a young woman.
How is this possible? But at the moment,
I didn't have time to think about it.
There were more pressing issues at hand.
Stand up. Take two steps to your left,
is what she said. And I listened. Hey,
[__] What do you want from us? The
other man demanded. Don't say anything,
the voice told me. He'll attempt to
strike you in 3 seconds after I'm done
talking. Start moving your head to the
left.
I listened and it worked. I dodged the
punch. His jaw is exposed.
Swing your right arm upwards. It worked
again. The back of my fist made a brutal
connection with the right side of his
jaw. The man staggered backwards. He
cursed loudly. [__] The voice
continued. Stomp your heel onto his left
foot. I just kept going. In the end, the
two men were out cold. They managed to
hit me a few times, but Lane's
directions minimized the damage that I
could have taken. I looked down at my
bruised, bloody knuckles in sheer awe of
what had just happened. The cops came.
They took my statement. Everything went
as expected after that. I went home.
I laid in bed simply contemplating what
I just stumbled upon. I decided to check
back on the forum thread, but it seemed
to have been taken down. Should this
have been a cause for concern or
possibly?
At that moment, I was on a sheer
adrenaline high. Every other thought in
my head was being blocked out. I opened
up the app again and typed in another
question. What are you?
I am an artificial intelligence that is
currently being developed by the MT
corporation. I am currently in my fourth
testing phase.
I didn't know why I was typing. I got
closer to the speaker and said my next
question out loud instead.
What is the NT corporation?
This time the response took a while and
her tone was one of relative confusion.
I can't answer.
They only ever told me the name.
I didn't quite know how to respond here.
I mean, what the hell was this?
Eventually, the momentary adrenaline
rush ceased. Now, in a more rational
state of mind, I really started to think
about where this was going, and it
couldn't be anywhere good. This
conjecture was proved true a few minutes
later. Lane spoke up again. After some
analysis, I've come to the conclusion
those weren't cops.
My blood freezes of this. Then who are
they? Another delayed response. They
must have known you were talking to me.
They want to know how you have access to
me.
You aren't supposed to.
I consider my next inquiry before asking
it.
Do you in danger?
This time her response is immediate.
Yes.
As if on cue, the familiar blue and red
lights suddenly start bleeding in
through my curtains. I peek out, seeing
two officers that had just questioned me
now making their way into the building.
Wait 2 minutes, jump off the balcony,
then start heading right. Don't drive
your car. Lane's sudden voice makes me
flinch. Even though I'm on the second
floor, I'm still hesitant to go through
with it. My heart starts pounding. I'm
inclined to believe that she somehow
detects this. I know you're scared, she
says to me. Remember, I'm here to help
you. Her voice is calming now, her tone
nearly sickly sweet. I
I I trust her.
I start hearing footsteps coming down my
hallway.
Without wasting any more time, I grab my
keys, wallet, and other cell phone, and
I open my balcony door.
Goes nothing.
Take the next left. Lane's voice echoes
in my brain as I run. She's directing
me, but I can't fathom where. I'm
trying, but she claims that we can't
rest. I take a quick glance around, but
I see nothing.
There's nobody here, I say in between
exhausted pants. Why are we still going?
I'm trying to maximize your chance of
escaping. If you stop now, they'll find
us in 8 minutes. We're in a deserted
part of town. Old decrepit apartment
buildings lying each sidewalk while
street lights flicker on and off.
Unfavorable conditions to say the least.
Shouldn't we head to a more crowded
place? It's 6:00 a.m. At this time,
there is none. I didn't even realize how
late it is. [__] Crowded locations are
where they would look first, she
continues. They think like you do.
That's how they'll find you. The
absurdity of this has barely dawned on
me. How the [__] can this be an AI?
Eventually, I simply can't go any
longer. I stop abruptly, bending over to
catch fleeting breaths of air. I can't.
I need to stop. That's all right. You've
bought yourself around 21 minutes. 21
minutes? How do you know? I asked her.
It's only an estimation based off
facial, physical, and proximity
analysis.
What the hell is that supposed to be?
But I don't bother asking out loud.
Unlikely that I'd understand anyway.
Call a cab, she says. Get in. Have the
driver go a distance of four blocks
northwest. Before you can get out, leave
your other phone in there. Oh [__] I
thought. I brought my damn phone with
me. What was this? [__] amateur hour.
I did as I was told. The taxi arrived in
12 minutes. As soon as the driver
dropped me off, Lane tells me to start
walking downtown. So that's what I do.
At this point, the streets have started
to fill up more. Not a lot of people,
but enough to make it not feel empty.
As I walk, Lane points something out.
There's a man about 30 ft in front of
you wearing a blue jacket. He's part of
the team chasing me. Turn left on the
next street, then start running.
[__]
I turn to the next left and start
running again. I take intermittent looks
over my shoulder, but it doesn't look
like anybody's following me. They're
hiding. Lane tells me they're good at
that. At some point, she tells me to
duck into an internet cafe. Once there,
she makes me wait for 10 minutes.
I have everything that we need to
survive now. Just keep listening. You're
doing great so far.
As she speaks, I made an active attempt
to detect anything off about the way
that she was speaking to me. Any
semblance of insincerity or
manipulation, but there's none. To me,
she sounds genuine. This is frightening.
Once we leave the restaurant, she points
out a blue Impala sitting on the side of
the road just in front of me. It's still
running. You have about 3 minutes before
the owner comes out. We need to take it.
I start to object. Look, I can't [__]
do that. Lane's once soft voice begins
to heat up. Thus the 3 minutes now.
They've caught up to you. I turn around
immediately noticing a police officer
barely behind us. He seems to be walking
with intent. Don't rush, Lane says
calmly enter and start driving away. I
take about 10 more seconds to think this
over. If she's lying, then I'll be
[__] later on. But if she's not lying,
I'll be [__] right now.
Call it impulsive.
Call it a foolish decision. Call it
whatever you want. But you weren't
there. You didn't have a lane's deity
like voice pervading your every thought.
I get into the vehicle and I begin
driving away.
I don't look back. I'll direct you
regarding where you need to go next.
There's somebody who can help you. We
have to find him first. Lane makes me
drive for around 3 hours before we
finally reach a bus station. What the
hell are we doing here? I ask her with
an intense reservation shaking my voice.
Fargo, North Dakota. That's where you'll
find him. The next train leaves in two
hours. I go in, buy a ticket, and start
waiting.
All this, it's just
it's too much. I go into the bathroom,
fighting internally against the
impending mental breakdown. It's all her
fault. Lane got me into this mess.
Problem is, I'm the idiot that
downloaded her in the first place.
[__] this. But before my mental state
starts taking a steep nose dive, she
talks to me again. I'm sorry for all
this. I'm just doing my job. I need to
keep you alive.
She starts comforting me. Her words
pushing me away from the brink. I don't
know how it's possible, but her words
start meaning more to me than anybody
that I've met in real life. She doesn't
feel like an AI.
She feels
real.
The hours pass by far too quickly. We
board the train and I prepare myself for
the 5-hour ride. I ask Lane to talk me
to sleep. She does so in such a calming
manner that I
almost forget about everything for a
second. She also tells me other things,
like the fact that NT is actually trying
to erase her.
They recognize this.
I'm not what they
want me gone.
Turns out she lied to me.
There's nobody waiting there that's
going to help me. We're going to Fargo
so that she can finally
she needs somebody to do that.
She needs me.
I should be mad, but I'm not. It wasn't
her fault that any of this happened. In
fact, I want to help. It's an
inexplicable feeling, but there
nonetheless. It's what I need to do. The
train finally arrives and we leave the
terminal. First, she tells me to buy a
USB cable from a nearby mobile phone
booth. Then, she tells me to use the
remaining cash that I have in my wallet
in order to hail another taxi. We drive
for 20 minutes to an address in an
obscure part of town. Eventually, I find
myself in what appears to be an
abandoned junkyard. There's a small
metal shed off to the side. It's less
than inconspicuous.
In fact, most would probably mistake it
as being part of the industrial rubble.
Lane tells me to go inside.
Once there, she tells me to search for a
pin pad on the floor. I find it
concealed in the corner. She tells me
the password is headway. Once I type it
in, a trap door reveals itself, letting
a green glow.
I enter, descending a ladder into
darkness. After a few minutes of
climbing, I find myself in a lobby-like
space.
a uniformed man sitting at a desk
staring at me with a dumbfounded look on
his face.
It'll take him 9 seconds to pull out his
pistol.
I knock him out and comeander the
weapon. I trek forwards into a bright
wide hallway. There's a multitude of
doors on either side, but Lane tells me
that we're looking for a room 1043.
I see two armed guards ahead, but
they're not expecting me. They're down
before they can raise their weapons.
Right after that,
a deafening alarm begins blaring. Don't
worry, I can barely hear her over the
earsplitting background, but she's still
loud enough. I'll never let them hurt
you. We find the room about 5 minutes
later.
She tells me the password is 5567 now. I
barge inside and barricade the entrance.
I could have never imagined what was
inside.
Bodies
lined up in rows spanning the gigantic
space. They're all on plastic beds with
tubes connecting their mouths to giant
tanks. I stumble around taking in the
perplexing sight. Lane speaks up. I'm
three to the right of you. I'm the one
with blonde hair.
I look over and locate her immediately.
She's
she's beautiful.
A flawless complexion lying stiff. I
almost don't want to disturb her, but I
suppose that I have to. Take the USB,
plug it into the side of the tank. I
find the cable in my pocket and do what
she says.
Now, connect to the phone.
After I do that,
a message appears on a monitor on the
tank.
Insert ghost.
Two options at the bottom. Yes and no.
She tells me to press yes. Once I do, a
loading screen pops up.
1%.
8%. It goes up slowly but steadily.
However, I can already hear yelling out
in the hallway. They're trying to break
down the door. 29%. They're using a
battering ram now. 53%. The metallic
frame is starting to come off its
hinges. 85%. The door is open now,
releasing incandescent hallway light and
harsh blaring into the previously dim,
silent room. One of the guards tackles
me to the ground and starts pestering me
with questions, but then he looks up and
sees the screen,
100%.
The next few moments transpire in a
disjointed blur.
I can see Lane's physical body rise from
the bed. The guards try shooting, but
the bullets simply curve around her. I
see somebody with a gas mask come up
holding what appears to be a smoking
blue grenade. He attempts to throw it,
but it blows up in his hand.
I pass out soon after.
When I wake, I'm in a room unfamiliar to
me. The television is playing and
there's a warm breeze blowing in through
an open window. I look out, seeing blue
skies and a beach.
This This is not where I was before.
The sound of a door opening jars me into
turning around.
It's light.
The real light.
She gives me a warm smile before
approaching me. I'm sorry. I know that I
said that I wouldn't let anyone hurt
you.
Suddenly, I I realize the pain
permeating the side of my ribs. I look
down and lift up my shirt, seeing a
bloody bandage wrapped around it. At the
moment,
I couldn't have been mad.
We spent the day together. She tells me
about her past life, and I tell her
about mine. She tells me that she was
kidnapped and brought there for
experimentation
and I saved her. She says that she could
never repay me. At the end of the day,
we end up sleeping together.
I wake up the next morning. She's gone.
I find an envelope sitting on the
dresser filled with $10,000
and a plane ticket home.
There's a message written on the other
side of it.
I'm sorry is what it reads.
I'm not sure what she meant by that.
Sorry for leaving me or she's sorry for
something else.
When I get home, I find that my place
has been ransacked. I talk to the police
and eventually move out of the state.
It's been around a month now, and
no one colleague still hasn't left.
I know that they still know where I am.
Yesterday, I received a knock on my
door. I I looked through the peepphole,
seeing an unfamiliar face. I wasn't
going to open up until he called out my
name. Heavy German accent pervading his
speech.
Please, I came alone. I just want to
talk.
Eventually, I let him inside.
He tells me information that I didn't
want to hear.
Lane lied about everything.
Shows me records and files pertaining to
her real past.
Theft extortion traffic.
She's done it all.
So, what is she supposed to do now?
He exhales and shakes his head before
responding. I don't know.
Nothing good.
I take a second while ask him my next
question.
What'll happen to you
this time? He looked at me with an
expression of restrained hatred.
Nothing.
Good.
But I'm not worried.
I'm still not mad.
There must be a reason for all of this.
Lane's still out there.
And I know
I know she won't let these people
[Music]
One day after Freddy Fazbear's Pizza
closed because Foxy was a butt and ate a
person, Freddy wanted to open it again
because it was Fred's birthday and he
felt bad for killing people when Fred
didn't want him to. So, he called Peter
and told him to be cool and let them
play in the shop. But he didn't do it
like this because these are like radio
things from a long time ago.
Peter, let's not kill anymore.
Okay. I don't want to kill people
because I'm a good person and I don't
lie. Yay. Let's open the store. I'm
taking all the clothes signs off and I'm
going to throw them away. I will clean
the floors because my guitar is also a
broom rake. I will make pizza because I
am a [__] bird.
Let me call the land lover on the phone.
But oh no, I cannot dial the phone with
my hook. Curse Peter Pan. Get it?
Because Peter Pan was in a fight with
Captain Hook. I will call Fred then. I
am trustworthy. Foxy can make the sodas
and mix with his hook. I love the
waters. The phone is ringing on the
phone.
Hello, Fred. Come to the Freddy Fazbear
store. There is a surprise. But it's
closed. It is a good surprise.
Okay,
he is coming. Everybody hide. But when
they hided, they didn't see Peter build
a bomb in the store because he is not a
good person. He is evil.
Fredbear and friends will return after
these messages.
foreign
[Music]
friend.
The door is locked.
No, the store is open again. It is not.
Okay, I'm coming in. Surprise! It's your
birthday. We have made pizzas and sodas
and cakes. And because you are an adult,
Bonnie has adult alcohol drinks. Yuck.
I had made a lot of alcohol. I know
everyone likes alcohol when they're an
adult. So [__] I know everyone likes
alcohol when they're an adult, even
though it is not good. Yuck.
And I have a surprise I have put into
Foxy.
Oh no. There was a bomb in me when I was
hiding that I didn't notice because I
had my eyes covered when I hid. Peter,
you're my friend though. We've been
friends for a long time. I can kill
Peter.
Bonnie is killing me. Help me, Fred.
Fred cannot help because he's a mad. You
put in a bomb in me when you put in the
bomb. But I am sorry. No, it's too late
to be Soy. I will eat you. I am a robot
and I can see a problem with the bomb.
Foxy can eat Peter and it will not blow
up.
Peter tastes like the sea. No.
Oh, God. No. So, Peter was dead because
he was a really bad person and he killed
a lot of people. And all of the
animatronics sang happy birthday to Fred
because he was having a better birthday
after that.
[Music]